the WAN show we've got a great show
lined up for you guys today our big
headline topic is of course that amd's
numbers are bigger than Intel's
therefore their products are
better but AMD why do you have to follow
Intel's naming scheme it's the worst
thing their company does and Intel has
done some pretty terrible stuff in other
news this week there is of course the
verdict in the big big big court
case I'm talking of course
about oh dang it I lost it here it is uh
ah yes Bungie Bungie winning a decision
against cheat
sellers so that's pretty exciting uh
what else we got
Luke oh boy this
delay uh Google uh had a leak of a
document 2500 pages of internal
documents that detail the inner workings
of Google search uh and it's a little
interesting CU it goes stuff that
they've said in the past don't look at
it yeah don't don't worry about it don't
worry about it it's not important it
might be out a date it might be out a
date even though we said things in the
past that contradicted it might be out a
date um also valve says you can't put
your games in your will would you dieck
all your games die
[Music]
Today's Show is brought to you by rocket
money ag1 and ridge along with our chair
partner secret lab why don't we jump
right into our big topic today and that
is of course that no door Accord
apparently just had a daughter in float
plane chat okay sorry sorry sorry I'll
move on I'll move on amd's numbers are
bigger than Intel's according to
multiple sources and leaks AMD has
decided to rename their upcoming ryzen
850 9050 apus in order to insert AI in
the name resulting in the ryzen AI 100
series okay this I believe we already
talked about ridiculous obnoxious I
don't think anybody looked at Intel's
core Ultra naming scheme and went wow
that sure makes it easier to understand
what your product line is and I just I
can't really wrap my brain around this
because on the one hand you look at a
sort of misleading or confusing naming
scheme and you go oh well that makes
sense so that they can sell you
something not as good and make it sound
good like something you would want but
when it's just a random mumble jumble of
numbers and letters how the am I
supposed to know that I would want any
of it I don't really understand what
they're trying to achieve here so
naturally AMD followed suit with this
supposed ryzen AI 100 series no wait it
gets better more recent leaks indicate
that AMD has again internally rebranded
these chips this time to ryzen AI 300
series so that they will not appear less
numerically advanced than Intel's core
Ultra 200 series which is following the
core Ultra
series
chip can I just say this AMD at some
point you know you got the market share
you've got the performance you've got
the Mind share man you guys have got the
engineering knoow at some point you've
got to respect
yourself at some point you've got to
stop just calling your product Intel's
naming scheme Plus
right it goes all the way back to the pr
or the performance rating system from
back in what that would have been late
90s early 2000s somewhere in that time
frame when AMD had already abandoned the
gigahertz race they had recognized that
chasing more and more gigahertz was not
the solution to gaining better
performance and better efficiency and so
it started out kind of valid enough
right where they were saying look our
processor doesn't run at the same
frequency but we're going to have this
PR rating system that's going to be
pretty much what Intel would have run at
that kind of frequency but like better
so they put Plus at the end and then AMD
got kind of Loosey Goosey with the
performance rating plus towards the end
of the Athlon XP days in particular
where you could buy a 3,200 plus but uh
well here let me put it this way they
released a 32 100 plus Athlon 64 product
okay so that was their next Generation
K8 compared to the K7 they released a
3200 plus that absolutely bulldozed the
original Athlon XP 3200 plus it wasn't
even close Okay so AMD knew I'm I'm note
I don't even have to bring an Intel chip
into the comparison AMD clearly knew
that uh if this is 3200 plus this can't
be and they've pulled this kind of
time and time and time again
man I'm trying to think of uh I'm trying
to think of one of the ones recently
where they they changed the naming of
their chipset so that um so that when
Intel released their new chipset it
would be it would be the same number or
something like that guys guys let me
know in the chat let me know which one
it was I'm trying to
remember uh yeah hit me hit me with that
x370 versus z370 yeah that might have
been one of them the point is they've
done this over and over and over again
it is so
obnoxious just be your own company with
your own product line Comm communicate
your own value ad and stop trying to
confuse consumers we understand why
you're doing it you want to make your
generation of product seem like it's a
generation ahead of Intel but this is
such a stupid game and if you play it
you're just going to win stupid prizes
because now now what's oh man I'm trying
to wrap my head so so what so what so
Intel's going to skip a generation now
and then they're going to have 400 and
then AMD is just going to have what odd
numbers and Intel's going to have even
number like no one's going to be able to
understand what they're
buying I hate it they're end up changing
naming schemes entirely because like
Intel is not going to be happy with
being leap frogged all the time
so they're going to like have to change
some which I'm completely for honestly
because I've never liked the core
branding um the core man the fact like
ryzen 5 ryzen 7 stuff was good well yeah
but that was just copying Intel
too like tell me tell me something AMD
has done branding wise that has been an
original
thought in the last five years give me
something five years yeah I know I I I
got nothing I got nothing I was like I
was trying to dig deep and be like I
think there's some ideas there but no no
you know what okay nh4 by4 tracker says
x3d yeah I love that it's so clear AMD
had an engineering Advantage their 3D
vcash they had an engineering advantage
and they put that in the product name
they clearly communicated the value ad
of 3D vcash which is that it benefits
gaming and certain applications and they
put it in the product name I love it
that's how you name a product you tell
us what the it
is okay okay hit me with a couple other
ones uh n thread Ripper not within the
last five years yo sorry
sorry I thought x3d was older too but I
I appeared to be wrong yeah no x3d x3d
is pretty recent okay uh yep
yeah that's about it
cool um all
right
ridiculous any who I yeah I hate it and
apparently oh my God apparently they're
skipping a number on the next
motherboard chipset going straight from
x670 to
x870 uh which is most likely to launch
at this year's computex which is also
going to see the debut of Intel's Z8
90 it is not good for consum smaller
number that and it's not good for
consumers to see very similar numbers on
the Shelf when they are shopping for a
product especially when now even
physically they don't appear that
different like the socket in the middle
of the motherboard kind of looks the
same to the lay
person just have a clear numbering and
naming scheme of your own all right
that's all I really want to say about
that let's move on on to our next topic
what do you want to talk about Luke what
do we
got Google search Doc is real let's do
that Google has confirmed the
authenticity of a 2500 page uh leaked
internal document detailing the inner
workings of Google search a Google
representative warned against making
inaccurate assumptions based about uh
sorry about search based out of uh out
of oh wow I really you doing okay you
jet leg buddy are you jet inaccurate
I've been in the woods for a few days so
I I haven't looked at a computer screen
in like four days um making inaccurate
assumptions about search based on outof
context outdated or incomplete
information likely because they Market
uh wow likely because many marketing and
SEO experts have concluded that the
documents directly contradict past
public statements by Google
Representatives about how search works
nice Google employees have previously
denied that search uses click Centric
metrics to determine page rankings that
it does not consider subdomains
separately from domains and that it
doesn't penalize new websites but these
claims are all directly contradicted by
these technical API documents further
spark Toro founder and marketing expert
Rand fishkin says that the documents
show a clear pattern of Google search
increasingly prioritizing powerful
Brands over all else even when smaller
sites and companies are more
authoritative trustworthy and relevant
which is something that we've been
talking about for a while now um and
even I think we had a topic on
Wan uh from house fresh about a month
ago y few weeks ago about this exact
problem uh and now we see it in
technical documents and they can say
whatever they want uh they confirm the
authenticity of the documents so yeah
sure maybe it's out ofd sure doesn't
feel like it maybe it's gotten worse
maybe that's the out ofd part I'm not
sure I mean it doesn't matter how out
ofd it is if it's contemporary right
like if it is is from the same time that
they issued these denials that they are
100% that they're yeah that they're
determining page rankings in these
manners um I think it's been very clear
to anyone who's ever talked to a Google
representative that they are not
transparent uh about how their
algorithms work and they will hide
behind excuses like oh well you know we
don't know it's a black box we are not
sure uh no but the reality of it is that
I have personally had experiences with
Google Staff I mean obviously most of my
experiences with YouTube not with Google
search but I have personally had
experiences with Google Staff where I've
basically said hey you guys tuned
something here's what I think you tuned
and they're like no no no no no no no no
no no no no no and then 6 months a year
later I go hey you know about that
experiment a year ago uh I see you guys
have kind of walked it back and they're
like yeah it was kind of tuned too far
for x I'm like right so yeah you never
like acknowledged it to me at the time
but if I just pretend that I knew about
it then no problem um and to be clear
these were not it's not as black and
white either as just an engineer going
in and and and turning a dial right
these are these are gigantic platforms
so any experiment that they run would
never be sitewide these days I mean
you'll see this in things like the roll
out of the new layout for example Le
where a small handful of people see it
and then more people see it and then
they gather feedback and they gather
user metrics and then and then they roll
it out a little further and a little
further and then they make some tweaks
and then they roll it out a little
further so it's not usually as simple as
just oh yeah we want to be able to
respond better this the time that I
noticed this in particular was uh when
Tik Tok was really On The Rise what like
five six years ago seven I I don't know
would have been a number of years ago
and it was kind of in the in the hot
knife through object phase of YouTube
where from what I could tell it was
basically impossible to break out if you
were anything other than how many M&M's
you can flush down the fing toilet right
like it was just just viral paum wall
toall as far as the eye could see and I
was like hey I understand that you guys
are up against a platform that is very
very on the ball very trendy but you
guys got to make sure that YouTube
doesn't lose its soul that YouTube
doesn't forget what it is which is
quality content which is elevating
authoritative voices that are going to
provide uh top tier entertainment or
education or whatever the case may be
and obviously YouTube is full of garbage
as well but in terms of what they were
going out of their way to promote I
always felt that it was Evergreen
content that that has a lasting value um
I don't think that they've stayed true
to to that value I don't think they've
stayed true to that uh that mission I
think that things are are falling off um
but I don't really have any I haven't
really seen a stark change like a sudden
change so I don't really have any any
evidence to go by these days but it's
pretty clear from these leaked Google
search documents that they absolutely do
know what they're doing at least to a
degree and they absolutely are not not
transparent about what exactly um they
are changing uh this is a really good
comment from
LOE over on float plane chat YouTube is
the new TV uh yeah we attended a uh like
a a Creator Workshop recently and
apparently TV and we can see this in our
metrics as well TV usage for YouTube is
growing like crazy right now and that's
something that you may see reflected in
changes to our content over the next
little while because we we' got to make
sure that we're capturing that I mean we
we've made little changes um to respond
to platform development over the years
like I it's funny how few people bring
it up these days compared to when we
first did it but when mobile started to
overtake desktop use and that was lot of
years ago at this point but when mobile
started to overtake desktop use and
especially as mobile devices started to
abandon the
16x9 standard aspect ratio we actually
changed the aspect ratio of our videos
so it's not uh whatever it would have
been like8 185 by9 or whatever was kind
of becoming the standard I I forget
exactly what it was but it was a little
a little bit wider right it was not that
but it also wasn't 16 by9 we kind of
split the difference so that you end up
with small black bars or small black
bars uh vertically so letter boxing on
the desktop and small black bars on the
side so pillar boxing on a mobile device
that has a taller or wider
screen um yeah so it's it's pretty darn
good on the iPhone it's pretty darn good
on the TV and and on your desktop but
it's not really it's not really perfect
for anything but you know that's
something oh man maybe this should be a
oh man this should be a conversation
with YouTube it'd be kind of cool for us
to be able to just build in safeties and
uh what what are they called Dan you
come from a production background the
safe safe zones are keep or uh yeah for
for what for videos and things like that
yeah what are they called again yeah
safe zones safe zones yeah so if we
could just upload in like almost like a
square just like upload in a square
aspect ratio and then just make sure all
the content is within all the different
safe zones and then it could just autoc
crop that would actually be kind of sick
that's very common yeah I have uh I have
those for wo and all sorts of stuff yeah
really how do you do that on W show
where we've got like text at the bottom
oh all right he just put it up on my
preview thing well that's cool no he
showed everybody I think yeah everybody
can see that all right he showed me hey
but it cuts off the logo that logo was
designed by the one and only edel Yago
how dare
you yeah that's why we can't put
anything over there oh I mean the safe
safe Zone The W Banner acts as its own
safe Zone it's on all the time whatever
way to be whatever just disconnect Again
Luke I don't care
uh all right what's next Dan we're gonna
have to keep things moving pretty quick
because poor Luke It's the morning there
and well let's get a couple merch
messages in and he was in the woods or
something I don't know what the
he's talking about sounds like a good
vacation uh yeah sure I got a couple of
merch messages for on I should explain I
should explain how they work then also
we have a very exciting announcement for
LTT store this week we are launching
oh oh oh you got me we are
launching the Scribe driver hey there we
go oh hold on see if I can kind of catch
that oh the Scribe driver it's a bolt
action stainless steel pen available in
I believe two different colorways yes
yes yes yes yes uh bolt action stainless
steel pen that is made out of upcycled
SC screwdriver shafts so if you guys
remember I was talking about how our
original supplier for the screwdriver so
there's the the gold accented one and
then oh sorry that's the silver accented
one and there's the uh the brass
accented one so if you guys remember me
talking about this before our original
supplier That was supposed to build our
screwdriver shafts and Ratchet
assemblies screwed up well got Acquired
and then deprioritized their work and
ended up taking forever and giving us
extremely low quality output and one of
the things that they built for us
without ever getting the go-ahead to
actually build them cuz we didn't
approve the final samples but they built
for us 100,000 screwdriver shafts and
they basically were like well we made
them so you're not getting a refund and
we said okay well if we're paying for
them then you better darn well deliver
them to us so we got pallets of
screwdriver
shafts that um honestly we couldn't use
in any other way L if you want to show
up oh oh I should go to the lote oh oh
oh oh boy oh yeah there we go H hey okay
there there's oh try to get oh there we
go ah yeah so anyway so we got these
pallets of screwdriver shafts and if you
guys are good at time then you'll know
that we've probably had them for a hot
minute at this point because we got
these around the time that we were
launching the original screwdriver
so anyway we looked at them and we kind
of went well it would be really cool if
we could do something with these and the
original plan was to just melt them down
and turn them into something like I I
had kind of pitched what about a what
about a fail wrench um and it's just
like a normal wrench there's nothing
special about it but it's just made of
failed screwdriver shafts or something
like that just trying to trying to get
something out of it and then we kicked
around a bunch of ideas and eventually I
for forget who pitched it um it must
have been Sebastian because this is
absolutely his handiwork but he took one
of the shafts and you can actually see
this one has quite a bit more of a of a
screwdriver shape to it still there you
go no no it's good Dan uh it's got more
of a screwdriver shape to it it hasn't
been um it hasn't been uh lathed down to
to make it here here we go here's the
final profile there you go see like that
ah cool uh so it's got more of a
screwdriver shape to it and then he just
like
frankensteined a regular like pen top
onto it and was like H fail pen I'm like
waa that's so cool so then in LTT store
Fashion instead of just going for
something basic we spent a bloody year
developing a legitimately actually
really great bolt action pen it's got a
really nice feel great little fidget toy
um it's compatible with hold on hold on
I forget basically what I told them is
look
make sure it's whatever like the good
one is that oh lus laptop oh is
unplugged well there's your problem
right there I was basically like look
make sure it's whatever the good one is
that is broadly available so people
aren't locked into whatever and so that
we don't have to deal with Dum Dums on
Reddit that talk about how oh the ink
quality is bad literally someone already
posted that I'm just going to get a big
pen cuz the ink quality of the Scribe
driver is not even good what are you
what are you even talking about a you a
you don't know and B you can put in any
uh hold on hold on let me find it any
Parker G2 refill there are so many
options you can put in basically
anything you
want so we didn't want to bit of a
question here yeah go ahead if you can
scroll through the photos and you see
one where it's in like a p Holder have
they been killing it on the product
photos lately or what the photos look
fantastic I I will also give them that
absolutely theot I assum this is Maria
uh yeah what can I do for you keep
scrolling I'm I'm they see me scroll you
find the one where it's where it's
mounted in a bag in a orange and black
like LT backpack oh I'm I'm working on
it oh yeah oh yeah laser laser let's go
uh oh yeah it's it's like two down or
something you're almost there uh that's
in the tech
sack oh okay he all right I have my
backpack here and I was like where is
that and I was like is this is this a
leak is it did we leak a bag no okay no
no it's a tech sack uh oh yeah show them
the bolt action got to love it anyway
really oh sorry it's electrical
discharge machined sorry not laser
electrical discharge machine man we
spent so much time on like how to make
the logo I I saw laser versions I saw
uh actual like machined versions um yeah
we ended up settling on that so yeah
quality sustainably built product uh
it's 30 bucks which for these kinds of
pens actually pretty competitive and
it's a really it's a really great pen so
hope you guys hope you guys enjoy it and
okay Dan oh right I'm explaining merch
messages so if you want to interact with
the show uh don't don't do a super chat
or a twitch bed or whatever do a merch
message all you got to do is go to LTT
store go to the cart and if you have got
something in your cart and we're live
you can go ahead and leave a merch
message and if you check out it'll go to
producer danop there he is who will
reply to it or pop it up down here on
the bottom of the screen or forward it
to someone internally who can respond to
it for you or he will send it to me and
Luke who will address it as a merch
message Dan do you want to show the
folks how it works yeah sure I'm still
going through all of them they seem to
really really like pens uh yeah before
we even talked about it on W show we had
sold hundreds of them today so that's
good because we've got
100,000
shafts now I believe each pen is made of
two shafts I want to say I don't
remember so I'm not you know what I'm
not going to say anything oh that's
something you'll notice by the way
speaking of which is there might be
slight color mismatches between the two
it's an upcycled product guys take it
for what it is it's a unique piece of LT
history the time that lonus got fing
shafted
there it is right
there speaking of wish is this a forced
limited edition product then like once
you sell the 100,000 would we would we
find a way to continue making them or um
is that it I don't know I mean we
haven't numbered them or anything like
that um we've kind of kicked it around I
mean right now we're more concerned with
developing other fail products than we
are with selling a 100,000 pens I mean
with that said I haven't looked at the
sales num since um since we started the
show so you you never know now that
we've actually formally announced it
things might go a little
different so we'll see also I want to
address this because I've heard a few
people comment on it uh he's he's not
like intentionally talking over me
there's there's I think over half a
second of delay between us and that
makes it actually ridiculously hard to
communicate so it is what it is yeah I'm
airing on the side I'm trying to time
sorry I was just gonna say I'm I'm
airing on the side of trying to fill
voids um and trying to leave only very
obvious gaps because not only is Luke a
little bit delayed in terms of his
internet connection but his brain seems
to be pretty slow today so uh don't
worry I'm here to carry it for you bro
I I'm also trying to time when I talk
for just before lonus is done talking so
that the delay isn't as no noticeable
for the stream but that can be like
difficult to do so I don't know it is
what it is yeah we're going to do our
best with it guys we're going to do our
best with it all right uh why don't you
hit me with a couple merch messages good
Lord don't look at that it's fine I'll
get through it uh uh let's see hey lldd
if South Park were to parody you and LTT
like they did with Logan Paul and lizo
how do you think they'd portray you what
kind of wild storyline do you imagine
they'd come up with oh man they've
already done the episode that I would
want to be in the one where they where
they go to California and Kyle unplugs
and plugs back in the giant lynxis wrt
wireless router um if so there is no
South Park episode that I would belong
in but I would I would love to be the
you know techie uh Canadian with my head
all hey buddy um and and somehow I'm
involved in that storyline but other
than that I I I have no I have no idea
okay and what else I got here lonus you
work a lot do you ever wish you had more
time to per pursue hobbies and interests
you have outside of work I mean that's
the thing about making your hobby your
job I I kind of do my hobby every day to
the point where sometimes I get kind of
sick of it and I need other Hobbies I
have kids which is kind of a big hobby
um that was that was part of that
conversation I think Ivon and I talked
about that a couple weeks ago when she
was on the show but that was part of
that conversation that we had where it
was like look you know we don't she was
basically upset cuz she was like you
hear about couples that grow apart you
know their their kids move out and and
and all this stuff happens and they
basically look at each other and they go
who even are you like I don't know you
anymore you know what what do we do
together and I kind of went well we do
raising kids together we do building a
company together we do all of these
things I think we just need a a
perspective adjustment so that we can
recognize raising kids as our hobby I
mean people absolutely treat having dogs
as a hobby like taking care of their
dogs and and and training them and and
feeding them and grooming them and like
all these things it's like well what
difference is it they're just
really smart dogs and eventually they
move out it's
great it has
challenges but uh yeah to to me it's to
me it's just a perspective thing right
and so I have hob my hobbies are my job
um my hobbies are my kids I'm painting
my motorbike right now I I game you know
when I find time um I I like setting
things up you know I like I find cable
managing and organizing like kind of
relaxing I was never that kind of person
when I was young when I was a kid I was
the kid that you couldn't walk across
the floor without breaking something
because all of my belongings were just
strewn across it and like I was the the
teenager with like all the plates and
dishes in my room that needed to be
taken up to the kitchen and giant
batches to be cleaned hopefully by
someone else if they don't see me
putting them all here like I was always
that kind of person but I think having
having a team um has made me really
appreciate the importance of
organization and value that to the point
where I'll spend a Saturday afternoon
like one of my few times legitimately to
myself just like organizing my garage I
complete an embarrassing small number of
projects in my garage but I spend
probably more time than I do working on
projects just like organizing it and
going this is a space I can control I
everything is where it's supposed to be
everything is
fine sure we can do another topic uh
Luke do you want to you know what why
don't I read a
topic uh oh no no we're not no I got it
I got it I got it I got it give me
another chance put me in coach which
one whichever what you want you could do
scrapyard Wars is
back yeah let me do that scrapyard Wars
is back we're bringing back scrapyard
Wars with the help of our partner
ja. they're a Marketplace for all things
gaming full PCS piece of components
peripherals even consoles all from
verified sellers while the series won't
be coming out until July we'll be
shooting it soon and we need your help
we'll be hunting for some of our
components on Jawa so if you list your
old Parts on there we might be able to
buy them from you keep in mind that
you'll be listing it for real so don't
try to sell like a $490 for a dollar so
that uh I can win or lonus can win or
something because someone else might
just buy it so yeah and also keep an eye
on java. G because they're going to be
launching a massive giveaway to
celebrate the return of scrapyard Wars
I can't really tell you guys anything
about what the what the gimmick will be
this time but what I will say is that it
will be both back to Roots
classic awesome
head-to-head and also you won't see it
coming from a mile
away I don't even know what it is yeah
no I'm I'm really excited about it
there's no competitive Advantage for me
knowing and you not knowing it's just
fun oh no I'm not yeah it's fine pure
fun list listen to this guy listen to
The Confidence yeah whatever I'm just
gonna extend my winning streak you know
what you Luke let's start the trash talk
now I want the stare down I want the
stare
down based on how you did that price
guessing uh video we did together I
don't know I might I might I might have
a chance still I've been out of it for a
while though it's going to be
interesting once born a cheap skate
always a cheap
skate yeah that it's a it's a good skill
it's a good skill hopefully it'll
continue to carry me um valve says you
can't put your games in your will a
customer support representative from Val
has conf valve has confirmed that you
cannot Beque your Steam account as
property in your will because steam
accounts and games are non-transferable
in the event of death this means that
the valve team would be unable to
provide another person access to your
account or to merge its contents with
another account even if that was laid
out in a valid will account holders can
obviously still transfer control of
their account simply by giving another
person their login information but who
owns this collection of Perpetual game
licenses would be legally ambiguous I
think another way to help in this
scenario would be to set up one of the
the steam family things um yeah but that
wouldn't stay valid forever because then
you'd still because if you didn't log
into an account for a certain amount of
time I suspect that eventually valve
would close the account like if you
don't log into a Gmail account for five
years or whatever they close it I don't
know what the number of years is so um
your mileage may vary on that but no I
would I would be very surprised if they
don't eventually close accounts that are
just inactive with that said a Gmail
account um is not full of things that
someone paid for right like they
wouldn't close a Gmail account that's
being actively renewed that has like an
extra storage subscription or whatever
else so I don't think that's quite a
perfect parallel to something like a
steam account where yeah it's it's full
of paid merchandise I I don't like this
in general I think that valve is is a um
is a Force for good in the gaming
industry I think in general valve is a
Force for good for consumer rights um at
least relative to their competition
but this is something that I see as a
step backward in terms of consumer
rights when it comes to games nothing
prevents me from bequeathing a retro
game collection of SNES cartridges for
example to uh you know my children or
you know my my my friends or Co
colleagues or whoever the case may be
Dan you can have my Super Mario RPG okay
yay I'm I'm kidding no no that's cool
cart you know what no forget no forget
it no forget it no I no no you know what
no you're out you're out of the
will me
lonus all right all right you can have
my Super Mario RPG if I first um but
yeah so nothing prevented that and while
technically I get it these are digital
licenses to use it these are these are
our our Perpetual licenses to the licy
which is a
person I don't know it's um I I yeah I
just think it I think it sucks but we're
seeing this kind of thing all over the
place so Luke I don't know if I talked
to you about this but when I was when I
spent the you know four to five years
that I spent shopping for somewhere to
to build a Badminton Center that's
something that I've been passionate
about for a very long time and something
that I spent years uh trying to find a
location for uh one of the options that
came up was a 99e lease um that was
actually in kind of the the
recreation center of of one of the one
of the uh municipalities within the
Lower Mainland within the Vancouver area
and I basically was like okay so how
does this work cuz this is just this is
just bare land so do you guys build a
building on it and then like what I just
sign a lease until my death and then
after I
die um someone else is just going to
lease it or something and okay I I knew
more about how they worked when I was
having this conversation but what I'm
laying out right now would be I think a
pretty reasonable assumption for how
something like that works no get this
you want to know how it works you pay
them market rate no discount you pay the
market rate for the land as though you
were buying it instead of getting the
deed instead of holding that property as
a private property owner you hold the
right to lease it for 99 years or or
your own lifetime or some combination of
which comes first or of the two and if
you're a corporation for example you're
a best buyer in Amazon or whatever then
it would be tied to probably the the
time and it would be tied to the
corporate entity rather than a person
but in in my case it would probably be a
brand new corporation that would be spun
up just for this badminton Enterprise so
and I would probably be along with
Yvonne the only shareholder and director
so it would basically be tied to our
lives so you pay full price and I go
okay but like do you guys contribute to
the development of a building like this
is this is just bare dirt like do you
build the building and then I lease it
they're like nah you build the building
and I was like
okay so I buy the land and then I build
the building I pay the full cost for
that and then when the lease expires you
guys
reimburse the asset that you've taken
over in some way like the the the
building cost or something like that to
my beneficiary or no no that's ours now
and I'm kind of sitting here going what
the
like I I I'm generally I think that
you know a lot of Americans would
probably see see me as a filthy
socialist I am I Am pro um you know
Public Works um I I Am pro tax dollars
being invested in in public programs uh
swimming pools ice rinks libraries um
Parks man I love that stuff that's great
spend that money uh let's let's build it
people should have access to Recreation
and entertainment we shouldn't just be
seen as walking wallets that pay taxes
right like I want services in return for
my taxes all of that stuff sure no
problem but to basically go okay yeah
you know what private ownership bad idea
we take it back um no no no um no no
yeah I I looked into one of those a
while ago um when I was I was shopping
for for my own place to live and was
actually pretty stunned at how bad of a
deal it is um it's it's a pretty wicked
deal if you're the one selling
it um cuz you you get to sell a property
and then your inheritance down the line
just get the property
anyways which is kind of hilarious um I
don't know
weird so it's um so so anyway I forget
where I was going with this oh right um
so I am generally Pro if you pay for
something it should belong to you and
you should be able to do whatever you
want with it and that should include
beyond your own lifespan is it kind of
irrational yeah I guess so like I can
see that perspective realistically I
paid for the game I got all the benefit
that I was possibly going to get from it
the latest research shows I can't take
it with me so what difference does it
make I'm not there to you know see my
kids enjoy my copy of stardew Valley
like does it does it really matter could
they just buy their own copy
probably um but I
am I'm torn is what I'm trying to say
and I I would like to see I would like
to see valve do better but I also would
fully understand if this is an issue
that they're basically going to
studiously ignore and do absolutely
nothing about I mean valve has already
done so much to make their licensing
terms less um less of a burden on their
users the fact that you can family share
games digitally over the Internet
compared to what everyone else was
pushing for absolute industry Cher never
mind game changer and I don't think
they're going to win that battle again
this time with bequeathing games um I
also have no idea what the landscape's
going to look like like you know 50
years from now when I drop dead you know
hopefully knock wood right 50 years from
now when I drop dead are my kids going
to want to play ano
1800 I suspect the the gaming Paradigm
is going to have changed so much like
that that's basically like my
grandparents bequeathing me their
original Atari whatever like the the one
with the actual you know paddle
controllers and that plays one game that
just plays pong I'm sitting here going I
mean that's that's sick and yeah but I'm
not going to play it and this is digital
I don't think it should be
valve I don't think it should be up to
valve
decide and that's fair that's fair be up
to valve it shouldn't be up to us either
really like maybe they do find it
interesting I see it both ways I
definitely see it from both perspectives
licensing is a complicated thing and you
know we've seen time and time again that
it's often not down to the publisher
platform the publishing platform it's
often not even down necess neily to the
game publisher or to the game developer
like we've seen games get shut down
after 10 years for example because they
don't have the development Cycles to go
and source and integrate new music and
there was licensed music that they only
had a finite license for man I remember
learning about that where we wanted to
do that Top Gun volleyball scene with um
with the original music for channel
super fun and they were basically like
yeah you can buy a a six-month license
for this this amount of money and then
you take down the video after I'm
sitting there going well that's stupid
nobody is listening to that song by
watching this video over and over again
we're not even playing the whole song
like why why do you care if we just have
a Perpetual license for it but it's just
not how it works it's a Time Time
limited license and man the music
licensing industry is going to be is
going to be doing some stuff the big
rights holders in that industry are
acquiring libraries like never before
and they are going to be jacking the
prices for any iconic music from Big
artists it's it's a whole thing um sorry
that's a yeah that's a whole that's a
whole Rabbit
Hole any who what are we uh recently
what are we supposed to be talking
about I think it's new topic time sure
Luke do you want to pick a topic or do I
get to pick a topic this
time I'm going to keep going because I
can't do a lot of the back and forth
conversation afterwards so I'll just
I'll I'll read out the topics um PayPal
launches an ad Network PayPal has
official that it will be launching an ad
Network that will sell ads leveraging oh
no leveraging the data it collects on
the purchase history and spending of its
400 million users PayPal claims that
users will be able to opt out of their
data being used in ad targeting however
the only way to completely opt out of
data collect users to delete their
accounts this change would also likely
affect users of PayPal subsidi are like
venmo and honey and I believe there's
more as well but I'm not surprised
Honey's in
there I know that credit card companies
sort of do this as well they sell your
data in regards to purchase history uh
or at least this is something that
happened far in the past but I suspect
this will be a little bit more direct
I'm not sure nice this is like terrible
um yeah I mean look let's be realistic
PayPal was already probably selling this
data to other AD networks so in terms of
your personalized ads that are coming
through on the side of the websites you
use or when you're while you're waiting
for your favorite live stream ah yeah
yeah wo yeah uh or while you're waiting
for your favorite live stream to load
you're probably not going to see a
difference the only real difference is
that PayPal is going to be profiting
directly rather than by selling to
another ad Network and I'm about to
pitch you a
controversial take on this
Luke the ad Network space the ad the ad
Network space actually needs more
competition right now oh it is dominated
by Google and Facebook and quite frankly
PayPal may be one of the worsing
companies on the planet
but they may be a lesser
evil yeah I really I really like wish it
was pretty much anyone other than bayal
um yeah but I think that is a decent
take it's effectively a duopoly right
now um I just I don't I don't see PayPal
making that space any better that
makesense I really don't I was
kidding yeah yeah no this is this is
just it's just going to turn into more
of a piece of like this is not a
good thing but look look I I look you
got to let me have some fun with this if
I if we can't laugh at the darkest of
times what do we have left
Luke you know what they should do they
should make it so that uh PayPal already
has your payment information so they
should just make it so that you to buy
the thing in the ad just click on the ad
and it just automatically does the
entire transaction oh yeah oh yeah bud
you just wait this clicks now like
actually cost you money you just wait
and oh what was that buy now pay later
platform that was in the news recently
that had a scandal cuz they were like oh
yeah we laid off like a ton of our
marketing staff and we just use AI for
it now uh I forget what they're called
but if if PayPal owns like a buy now pay
later platform or something like that
then man not only could you buy
something instantly Luke you could
Finance
it oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah finance that
toothpaste finance a new F-150 simply by
by clicking an
ad heaven forbid you accidentally click
an ad man I have accidentally clicked
more ads than I have intentionally
clicked by probably several orders of
magnitude like I don't know if I have
ever intentionally clicked an ad but
I've clicked ads hundreds and hundreds
maybe thousands of times overall right
like just you're scrolling on your phone
or whatever man you got to imagine you
know obviously legislation's going to
come in that's going to make it IL
for them to just you know one click have
you just like buy and it arrives at
your door but it's going to take a few
years and in that few years it's going
to the internet's going to be one hell
of a
ride if they they could make it so that
like you have to you know press a
confirm button but they can do the
amazing thing that I love that modern
websites are doing where they'll have
buttons load before other page elements
and those page elements will move the
buttons so you go to try to click on
something and then you end up clicking
on something that like loads under it
beautiful you can just move the confirm
button to where the no confirm button is
perfect oh manless I don't know I mean
look our degoogle your life video
actually had some really cool options
that I learned about as we were working
on that video like you can buy you can
subscribe to search products that you
can configure your own page ranking and
that use their own indices and um and
that track nothing nothing and Target
nothing um and I don't I don't think as
a as a tech as a member of the tech
media that I would ever switch over to
it permanently because part of my job is
to use things the way that I expect
people to use them
um but it's tempting dude it's tempting
like ever since watching that video I've
ivly consider when I get back
subscribing to a a paid search because I
like with Google search to be honest
okay would you pay more because you have
a a YouTube premium subscription right
so that includes YouTube music would you
pay double if they just included Chrome
integrated ad blocking and
no no search ads no ads on the internet
if they basically were like we'll eat
will pay the advertisers that otherwise
would have been displayed here like here
okay man here this would be what a wild
would they pay it through yes I would
what a wild 180 this would be if they
basically created the YouTube Partner
program okay if the whole manifest V3
thing was like a giant 4D chess game
where they were like okay we're going to
make ad blocking impossible because
we're going to build our own ad blocking
essentially you know kind of like uh
kind of like Brave right where you can
view the ads and earn crypto tokens or
whatever except there are no ads to view
there are no crypto tokens you just pay
for Chrome and you just have a
completely clean internet experience but
the page providers get paid kind of like
the YouTube Partner program so it's like
it's kind of like somewhere in between
it's somewhere in between YouTube
premium in the partner program and brave
browser would you pay double for YouTube
premium if it included
that so it goes up to like 30 bucks a
month or whatever it would also be
really cool if they worked out oh God
his connection's bad
Dan yeah I'm I'm getting a whole 35
kilobits a
second
uh okay I'm just going to jump in with
what I think have become subscribed to
everyone's just add any there okay I'm
just going to jump in I think luk is
talking about news providers uh money
has been flooding out of Journalism for
the last I mean realistically 10 20
years now and if this was a way for
internet giants like Google to
contribute in a positive way to
rebuilding The Newsroom um I agree with
what I think Luke was saying uh that
that would be absolutely
incredible I think that was what he was
talking about I'm not actually sure well
wait for him to come back I am going
okay perfect it's like do I even really
need Luke to co-host the show not really
hey speaking of which um I think we had
a topic after you left last week
probably not that um I I try it was a oh
it was a merch message someone sent a
merch message for you and I tried to
answer it it would be a lot of funny a
lot of funny it would be a lot of fun if
we could get that timestamp um someone
in the chat maybe do you guys want to
see if you can find that timestamp so we
could send it to luk and he can watch it
and then tell me how close I got cuz I
really did my best in the meantime I'm
going to run through our sponsors for
the show today the show is brought to
you by rocket money nobody wants to be
surprised by a higher number on their
bank statement than what they were
expecting I mean okay phrasing not great
I would love to see a higher number on
my bank statement than what I was
expecting I think you mean a bill um our
sponsor rocket money wants to help avoid
that kind of shock as more products
pivot to month to month subscription
Services it's all too easy to be nickel
and dimed by recurring charges it's even
worse when it feels like those services
are relying on you to forget you signed
up for that 30-day free trial rocket
money is a personal finance app that
helps you cancel subscriptions lower
your bills and manage your money better
cancelling unwanted subscriptions is as
simple as a couple of clicks once you're
signed up and that's a lot easier than
navigating a dozen different my account
Pages plus they have great budgeting
tools for all kinds of spending habits
to help set you on the right path
financially so if you want to save more
money for the things that actually
matter to you join over 5 million
members using rocket money today by
clicking the link below the show is also
brought to you by ag1 bacon eggs and ham
all part of a delicious breakfast but
what are those things missing our
sponsor ag1 has the answer with a simple
and convenient way to get the vitamins
your breakfast may have otherwise been
lacking their team is always trying to
find better ways to Source test and find
the best quality ingredients available
and unlike other supplements that only
reference research for specific
ingredients a1's whole formula is backed
by multiple research studies done by
Third parties in double blind Placebo
controlled experiments or environments
rather they are transparent with their
ingredients too so if you're still not
convinced you can do your own research a
few of our team members drink ag1 every
day and have done so even before they
were one of our sponsors it's an easy
and satisfying way to start your day and
you can even get a free one-year supply
of vitamin D3 K2 and five free ag1
travel packs with your first purchase at
drink a1.com slw show we're going to
have that linked down below finally
guess who's back back again ridge's back
for the men but more specifically for
your dad who you might have neglected to
buy a gift for that's right here's
another friendly reminder that Father's
Day is right around the corner and ridge
can help you find the perfect gift
thanks to their Father's Day Sale where
you can save up to 40% on their products
you should know by now they've got
wallets key cases Rings even suitcases
plus you'll be purchasing with peace of
mind thanks to their 99-day money back
guarantee and over 100,000 fstar reviews
on their products and no worries Luke
and Dan we don't have a photoshopped
image of you guys this week you'll just
have to use your imagination oh that's
weird go check out the sale using our
Link in the video
description anywh who uh sweet am I also
supposed to mention um our our chair
sponsor don't think so okay well
whatever they can see the logo on your
shoulders our chair sponsor secret lab
just in case you guys missed that okay
wow that was weird um cool wait do we
have a Father's Day thing I don't know I
thought Luke said something a Father's
Day thing on the store yeah it's not in
the thing we do it's not in the thing
Luke gosh darn it uh well it's on the
store it's it's it's one of the Banners
at least I don't know if uh Happy
Father's Day don't screw it up or
something polo shirt scribe driver LTT
hat Pro and a screwdriver hey there you
go we got some it's more of a suggestion
yeah we got some Father's Day gift ideas
oh that's smart whoever came up with
this idea good job oh no the Jerry rig
everything knife is sold out
is it though oh yeah yeah it is that's
funny I thought I saw some sales for it
the other day well maybe we're out of it
again it's a y yeah popular knife cool
all right see you later uh okay uh why
don't we jump into our next topic here
uh I think I'm going to pick this one
since Luke's having some audio issues
Microsoft says no screenshots at work
Microsoft Edge for business is adding a
feature that allows it managers to tag
web pages as protected meaning they
can't be screenshotted in the edge for
business browser the browser will also
be rolling out a feature that allows it
admins to see which devices have Edge
instances that are out of date and force
them to restart and install updates um
our discussion question here is they
know we can take a photo of a screen
right also didn't they just I have a uh
yeah go ahead I have a counter point to
this a photo of the screen thing uh I
don't think this is made for workplaces
uh like ours I think this is made for
Ultra secure workplaces where you might
not have a phone on you or be able to
have a phone on you okay all right I I
suspect this is like for like military
stuff like that I don't I don't think
this is for like you know your your
random job I now it's being rolled out
to probably everybody so yeah uh a
little silly in some situations you're
definitely going to have workplace
places that are like we are very secure
and we take security seriously and you
can't take screenshots and Edge it's
like man I remember when I first learned
about
Snapchat okay someone explained Snapchat
to me I was like sorry what the is
Snapchat and they're like yeah it's like
it's like messages but they're like they
they they disappear uh after a while and
you can't screenshot them and I'm like
so it's WhatsApp and they're like no no
it's Snapchat it's Snapchat it's you you
can't so you could like send nudes and
people can't and I'm sitting here
going are you an idiot like we don't you
sure can you sure you sure can um if it
shows up on my screen I can decide to
keep it forever no matter what you do
like option this is absolutely
ridiculous in most situations this this
is hilarious um yeah this is a really
good point for my work this is someone
in float plan
we absolutely need to be able to take
screenshots and mark them up and send
them to people you are definitely going
to have a well-intentioned IT department
roll this thing out based on some Boomer
boss directive and is going to cause
absolute fing chaos absolute chaos
within the work mark my words most
non-technical people don't even know
about like screenshotting or snipping
tools and already just use their phones
to to take pictures of screens so like
who are you even
stopping funny thing I uh often take a
picture of my screen because it's way
more
convenient like to send it to someone on
what I might not be logged into WhatApp
or Facebook Messenger like I mean I have
like a dozen different messaging apps so
depending on who I'm talking to it may
be extremely inconvenient for me to get
a screenshot from my computer onto my
phone because I haven't done the like
Android Windows l thing and I and I just
it's so much easier the once every 3
months that I need to do that to just
take a picture of my screen I'm sorry
Luke I've let you
down no I do it I do it on the WAN
laptop because I'm not logged into any
of my personal stuff on that laptop so
sending images off of it is a huge pain
so I will take a picture of it and then
send it to like the infer team or
whatever else um so it it happens there
are times where it is better it's just
you know usually usually
not and to to to kind of counter that
point a little bit it is set up so that
it's specific websites uh or so it can
be configured so that only specific
websites can't be screenshotted so for
example at
NC NCIX was hilarious uh at NC our
internal our internal system was
accessed through a um a Windows remote
desktop connection to one of you know
many machines so everyone had a signed
machines um and the only browser that we
could access that in was IE which um it
wasn't that long ago that was pretty bad
already uh when I was there and so this
is the kind of thing that an
organization could try to prevent you
know screenshots of your your inventory
or your sales from being quickly and
easily gathered and and leaked to a
competitor for example with that said we
all worked in private offices anyway and
nothing would have prevented us from
just
taking pictures of our screen or
anything but hey sure cool any
theater yeah what else we got
today
um oh no oh cheat sellers losing Court
this is cool cheat mod providers lost
two major decisions this week the first
suit was a copyright infringement claim
launched by Bungie 3 years a go against
Phoenix digital the owners of mod
selling site aim junkies while some of
Bungie's claims were settled in
arbitration last year with Bungie being
awarded 4.3 million a jury has now
decided in Bungie's favor and awarded
them
$63,000 that's not a lot of money um but
these cases have typically ended in
settlements in the past and this
decision will likely set a legal
precedent for future cases in a second
case a huge deal yes which is a huge
deal so we'll get to that in the
discussion in a second case a judge has
cited with Activision and ordered cheat
maker engine owning to stop making and
selling cheats to turn over its website
and to pay Activision
$4.4 million in Damages as well excuse
me as well as covering their legal fees
so our discussion question here is is it
good that cheap providers are losing in
court and I think uh I'll I'll let Luke
I'll let Luke handle this
one yeah I think it's super good that
cheat uh developers are and providers
are losing in court it's it's honestly
ruining a lot of modern gaming
especially in the FPS scene uh but it's
it's hitting a lot of other games as
well uh it's it's never been worse you
you get ads on I i' I've received ads on
YouTube I've received ads on Twitter I
received ads all over the place for
cheats and back in the day you used to
have to be at least somewhat um like
technically competent to to know how to
make it work and these days not even
sort of um yeah it it's just you you
launch the program it runs a goey on
your screen it it is automatically set
up to actively protect you based on you
know screen sharing problems and things
like that so if it detects that you're
streaming or something like that it'll
try to hide itself like it's it's very
conveniently built because this is a uh
large industry with a significant
customer base at this point in time um
and that needs to be shut down if we
want to have uh gaming online be
legitimate at all moving forward so I
think it's actually a very important and
very big deal that this president has
been set and look I don't want to come
across hypocritical because we've made
very similar arguments in the past that
the the difficulty of doing something is
is not a a valid um or the ease of doing
something is not a valid reason to
Outlaw it for example I made the
argument in our coverage of the flipper
zero that no uh a a a a security a
pentesting tool should not be banned
just for its capability of making these
kinds of functions available to a lay
person right
so what's the difference here is is
probably what you're asking and from my
point of view a pentesting tool has
legitimate purposes it has the ability
to be used by gry hat and wh hat people
to achieve better security overall and
so the argument that it is it is not
okay yes it is allowing some folks that
otherwise wouldn't have the technical
means to engage in in technological
Mischief but it is generally broadening
the uh understanding I would say of the
general public about the threats that
are out there and that were already
accessible at a very very low price of
entry for people who want to cause
trouble or for people who are
realistically doing something a lot more
nefarious than changing the numbers on a
on a you know gas station sign or
um okay unlocking people's cars is
pretty bad there
definitely bad things that you can do
with not just the flipper zero but with
these kind of like mainstream hacking
tools uh but the difference here is that
these game cheats serve absolutely no
purpose whatsoever other than to degrade
the experience of using this product for
absolutely everyone other than the
person who buys the cheat it's it's it's
pay to win except it's not even endorsed
by the game developer it's not even
available to the other player that wants
to play legit so that to me is the
difference between these things but you
know Allen asks in the float plane chat
do you even think the courts can make
such a
nuanced uh nuanced okay this word is not
correct but distinction do do they do
they have that capability honestly I I
don't know that they do but generally I
am supportive of companies that try to
degrade or destroy the functionality of
someone else's product um being
penalized for it but hold on a second
okay we're in a super gray area here
Luke okay what about a company that's
selling uh Tesla hacks so you can unlock
your heated seats or unlock additional
performance or range are they are
they're not degrading the experience of
using the product for the customer but
they are certainly degrading Tesla's
ability to charge money for that
product are they in the same isue is
that with cheats you are raing the
experience of other people sure but
Tesla other people enable
yourself uh they're another company not
a a corporation is an indiv you if you I
don't I don't I think that's the
stupidest thing ever I don't care but
that's but that's a legal thing that's a
legal thing I don't make the rules we
have to consider it uh other users I
would say other users TLA is not a user
so if you made it so that by enabling
heated seats for you the the seats of
other people in the lanes around you
while you're driving have to be on
active cooling for some reason then yeah
that would be stupid and I wouldn't want
that to be allowed
um it's the the the issue is that it it
significantly degrades the experience of
of other people um and in a lot of
situations these are competitive
environments where people could be
potentially pursuing careers or directly
pursuing ranking positions that could
lead them into the money um so this is
actually a a financial problem
absolutely yes um karate Swan asks a
great question could this set a
precedent that affects the modding
community and I think that by Luke's
definition where we only care if it
degrades the experience for other users
no it shouldn't affect the modern
Community but can we trust the legal
system to make that distinction I think
it's very challenging you would have to
have such a deep knowledge of gaming to
tell the difference between the legality
of a mod that I don't who cares lets you
run around as a as a
hypersexualized bunny in a single player
game versus a mod that allows you mods
sure versus a mod that allows you to uh
change your in-game skin in fortnite to
some combination of the default grass
building and dirt textures essentially
turning you into a camoufl Ed player
model right what would be the difference
to them and I they I just I don't I
don't I don't think I trust them to be
able to tell the difference so it's
really hard for me to take a Firm Stance
on this even if I am ultimately happy to
see these uh these game cheat makers
paying some kind of penalty and and to
see finally some kind of Crackdown that
isn't just falling on game developers to
try their best to infect our computers
with more you know kernel level software
and and rootkits in order to
freaking supposedly prevent cheaters
from degrading the gaming
experience uh hold on a second imperor 3
3733 says companies are not people
regardless of what a clueless judge
thinks they're
not I don't disagree with you it makes
absolutely no sense
um but it's also there are reasons for
it even if they suck is all I kind of
have to say about
that fair
enough uh should we do the remaining
announcements I think we've got Dan week
and remaining charity stream items yeah
yeah hit me or if you want me to do
it themed float plane week and this time
we're highlighting one of the most
important people on the W show that's
right it's the one and only Dan Dan week
is Upon Us on Flow plane and we've got
special content going on such as a video
about Dan's new car which is like
actually really cool I haven't seen the
video but his car is cool um answers to
your Dan Centric questions and a rant
about of all things a table additionally
we're going we're doing a giveaway With
Many Items including Green Man Gaming
codes retro and stubby screwdrivers LTT
store desk pads and 20 bread plushies
wow uh thanks to everyone subscribed to
Flo plane we're excited to bring you
more of Dan also remaining charity
stream items check out the remaining
products from our charity stream that
are still available for purchase at
whatnot um lmg
lm. charity leftovers will bring you
there we've got some LTT store items a
PC a laptop and some other PC parts and
peripherals still up for
grabs hey there we go all right got the
list up there and I have some quick
updates about the pens I believe that
we've sold probably probably about 1,00
to 2,000
currently we have apparently made 5,000
uh so unless you want to wait another
two months for them uh you should
probably buy one tonight oh I was
wondering where you were going with that
because I um yeah yeah this is just the
live audience too that's wild yeah no
yeah I'm getting I'm getting some info
from Nick as well but what the
there's only hold on a second how many
people are even watching the show
seriously hold on hold on hold on hold
no no no no hold on I've already done
517 merch messages uh you're a unit Dan
just so you know hell yeah there's
10,000 people watching on YouTube okay
there's probably based on sort of chat
velocity numbers because we don't have
an actual viewer count but there's
probably somewhere in the neighborhood
of a couple thousand watching on float
plane there's probably a couple thousand
watching on TT yeah there's 2,000
watching on Twitch and I Lord only knows
how many are watching on Twitter because
I think that number is fake so there's
somewhere between 15 and 20,000 people
watching W show that
means one in 20 of you like like look to
your left look to your right there is a
one in 10 chance that one of those
people bought a pen you guys are wild um
yeah I mean it's a great pen and it's
honestly a good price compared to other
like stainless steel machine like it's a
beautiful pen um but you guys are
awesome and thank you so much for your
support you guys sorry we're we're up to
1500 now way to go Dan way way to sell
300 pens or whatever that works out to
uh to be fair uh you know I talked to
Nick a half hour ago so it's already
another 400 and a half hour so my God
okay yeah that's wild all right what
else we want to talk about today uh
one quick question I have for Dan is
you're seeing the merch messages come
through how many people are buying like
multiples of them I don't think he's
looking at what people are buying loot
yeah so if you want on fire if you want
accurate numbers I now have 530 merch
messages and we've sold 654 sorry 531 32
655 uh that's basically how F 56 this is
how fast it comes in uh 57 this is how
fast I have to this is you're ruining my
life uh yeah why are you talking to D 59
60 I'm sorry Dad keep going keep going
IGN
me this is ridiculous 62 every time I
refreshed the Shopify 500 people went to
the site since I mentioned this okay
well anyway yeah it's a cool pen uh guys
hey um I love you all3 make sure to pick
up you know a t-shirt or something in
the meantime we've got a man the
clothing products have not been selling
as well but the reviews are so good so
if you guys are you know picking up a
pen hey maybe check out the polo shirt 4
and 1 half Stars maybe pick up a
button-up shirt 4 and 1 half Stars you
know we got lots that man we got we got
so much we got so much clothing you guys
what about the dip dieye hoodie look how
good it looks okay we don't have any
reviews for that one yet but it's great
the Dropout is my personal favorite am I
wearing my Dropout today yeah I'm
wearing my Dropout today man I love this
thing this is a Five Star product
literally five stars amazing quality
five star it makes me feel awful oh that
I got it at such a steep discount yeah
it's great anyway all right all right
all right all right buy some clothes uh
what else we got today Luke will return
in a minute oh oh uh okay dang it well
this was one that I really wanted to be
more of a discussion
oh I was about to have Dan join no no
you're busy I got stuff to do sir I'm on
my own I mean I can help a little bit no
you're good you're good you're good do
you think um Sony struggles with the you
know what no I have an idea I mean
realistically he's not doing anything
anyway so
uhoh oh well that doesn't work why why
do I not I thought my phone I thought
all of my Google contacts automatically
join my phone contacts but apparently
they don't so I have no idea how some of
those people ended up in my contacts
list
okay realistically this guy's not doing
anything important anyway
hello all right what's up what's up Eli
all right we're going to be talking
about $500 skin bundles and before we do
that I just am going to kind of put you
on the spot live here um you know you
know how we we talked about you know one
of those conversations that I was having
with my kids about stuff that I don't
want to see them doing and I was all
like hey kids doing that thing what is
that and they're like it's dumb are are
you comfortable talking about you know
what we talked about after that
conversation with my kids I'm asking in
very coded language on purpose here are
you are you are you ask wanting me to
tell how much I've spent on skins no no
well yes basically the like the
conversation we had about you know how
that can be bad and stuff you know like
that whole thing oh like is that
something you talked about
or I don't remember I remember telling
you how much I spent and then you said
it was shameful that's all I really
remember okay
man um okay uh mute me for a second Dan
mute me for a
second we're back yeah okay so so Elijah
um one of the things that we chatted
about when you were over for the land
party um was how for you in-game
spending actually got to the point where
was a real problem for you um and you
know this is one of those things that I
feel like for me and Luke it's very easy
for us as people who never got into it
to kind of talk about well just don't
buy the skin right but I think for for
someone who falls into alcoholism for
example to hear someone say well just
don't drink the drink is is actually
very uh very non-constructive and so as
we make our way into the um the Riot
news this week about their uh their skin
bundle um you know why don't you talk a
little bit about what it's like to be
the sort of person that's being targeted
by this type of marketing um because we
chatted about that a little bit at the
Lan yeah totally so I mean one thing
that I have always struggled with was
mainly the the fomo and like loot boxes
so you know the chance of getting
something that is is there you know
falling into that gambling aspect um
unfortunately I suffer from being taken
advantage of that and basically having
gambling addiction so in early days when
loot boxes were super super prominent
and basically the first thing you see
when you boot up a game is oh my God you
can get this skin you should go get it
right now it's it's very tough because
you can then boot up a game and maybe
your friends have it or maybe someone
else got it that's in this game and
you're like wow that actually does look
really really cool um it's it's it's a
tough feeling to fight because you know
it almost feels like you have no control
because you're just like oh man they're
just shoving it in my face There's an
opportunity I have to take it and I
don't want to miss it so it's it can be
really tough and the game can be a
significant part of your social life I
mean it's not like I can't relate to
that in my in my Peak TF2 left for dead
days I literally got up in the morning
ate food went to work ate some food
worked some more went home grabbed some
food and sat down at my computer and
gamed until it was time to sleep rinse
and repeat and do it again and so the
idea that you know this could be a
significant amount of your Social Circle
is your gaming buddies and a significant
amount of your social life is
interacting in this game is I mean it's
something that we should be able to
relate to even if we haven't really
considered it that way before so let me
run through the news from this week um
League of Legends developer Riot is
selling what it calls this is great some
of our most generous bundles to date I'm
gonna stop there for a moment Elijah how
do you feel about a game developer
describing a skin bundle as
generous I would say they're pretty
humble perfect this is despite the fact
that the cheapest of these bundles is
$50 and the most expensive is
$500 the $500 bundle features cosmetic
skins for the playable character AR
leading many players to argue for
boycotting the character as ranked
league matches allow each team to vote
on a small number of characters who
can't be played in the next match
boycotting players could eventually
potentially even block others from
playing Ahi some players however still
appear to be buying these egregiously
expensive limited time offers at least
one thirdparty seller of in-game
currency claims that some of his
customers took out small loans in order
to do so saying can you guys stop taking
out loans to buy the AR skin I don't
want to put you in debt legit every
second order is with a loan
agreement so can you talk a little bit
about how that
feels it doesn't shock me that people
are buying it and I think that's kind of
I remember one of my first W shows in
when I was typing in chat you were blown
away when I mentioned that a csgo skin
sold for six
figures uh you you know it's it's one of
those things it becomes a flex status
symbol it's the same reason that Supreme
clothing you know can charge prices
Gucci can charge the prices even if they
are good quality you're paying the
artist for their work of what they've
done it's a flex status at that
point oh man I uh I I got to confess
like I still have a hard time wrapping
my brain around that that's still
something that's that's very uh that's
very difficult for me to to Fathom like
when I was in school right like I wasn't
cool um I didn't have status symbols U
my my RCA lra MP3 player did not get me
chicks what the cool kid the cool kids
had mini disc all
right so I don't know as someone who
maybe maybe part of it is that I have
never reaped the social benefit of
flexing um and so maybe that's something
that and and guys you know let me know
if I'm kind of on to something here but
like you know is that something that can
get you kind of addicted to that
dopamine hit of people being like Whoa
man like cool jacket or uh
cool product like is is that is that
part of the
experience I I think part of it can
definitely be related to that I think
this $500 skin is definitely going to be
pushing that outer limits of you know
people being like damn you're kind of an
idiot potentially because you spent $500
but there's also going to be that group
of circle that's like wow that guy must
really like this game or he plays this
game a lot or you know whatever it may
be because they have that skin and yeah
like you said earlier Social Circle
right if you're part of a group of
friends that only plays league and you
want to be the guy that has the $500
skin it it's a status symbol but like
wouldn't the status symbol be like I I I
I'm baller enough that like I don't I
don't have to like I don't have to dress
up I don't have to cosplay as a league
player I can just I can just rock
vanilla and beat you and embarrass like
100 in the world then like that's the
kind of thing you know no one cares
about numbers thousand to 10,000 they
only care about the top thousand so you
know if you can't make it there your
next chance is to look cool and look
like you belong
oh my God Chase is in the chat now good
Lord did you see this valve apparently
lets you rent CS2 skins so you can try
them
out and then decide if you want to buy
or keep renting them are you
kidding
me dude it's a thing where people will
buy a skin put it on a gun and get upset
because it doesn't look as good as it
does in the shop
what does that even mean it was digital
in both
places no no okay but like when it's in
your hand and like you're in
first-person perspective seeing it and
how it glints off like maps and lighting
if it interacts with the environment if
the Shadows if the light dude I I can
see your reaction looking at the camera
right now I get it you're you're
dumbfound by this like I get it you know
why they call it dumbfounded because I
found
dumb I found it sorry I'm not even GNA
ding that that's just clever thanks Dan
it's it's it's crazy like I I totally uh
yeah yeah but I I totally see why
renting would be a thing because if
you're not sure how it's going to look
on your favorite map or in your game why
would you spend the $500 maybe I $10 my
God just luk who it is in float plane
chat is like $100 a month you get every
skin new idea you're welcome EA but it's
all a rental okay so it's it skins as a
service let's go I love that I
hate this worst idea can we can we get a
patent on that real quick oh my God
Sony's already got it Elijah I would
rather not make the money than oh I mean
I guess we could patent it so no one
does it that's what I'm saying or I see
okay you're not in charge anymore Taran
if Taran asks you to do
this you know we we kind of have to now
I don't know if I'm the check man I
don't know if I want any part of any of
this we could sell new colors for the LT
store that's fair oh float skins I like
that idea you give our Chatters specific
colors for their username and they can
rent it or like you could have dark mode
or like Pew for the background people
they already pay a subscription yeah but
we they could pay us more why do we want
nickel and dime people we they're a
trapped audience why does fortnite do it
why does valerant do it because it's
profitable
yes think of the think of the
opportunity I mean look I got I got to
tell you like back when we were looking
at development of our own VPN it's not
like we didn't recognize that digital
products are are so scalable can be so
profitable I mean if we could come up
with more digital products I mean look
at float plane we have almost
35,000 paying subscribers on float plane
that is a that is a pretty chunk of
change and we're so appreciative of you
guys for supporting us like this that we
actually go and spend a lot of money on
you know making sure we're creating
exclusive content and all of that stuff
and it's it's great right it's it's
winwin because we can build out a team
that is able to have a good job here at
Linus Media Group and you guys are
getting all this great behind the-
scenes content all that good stuff but
like I don't know we've had these
conversations internally that I'm like
yeah but should we just be creating a
digital product for the sake of having a
digital product because it's just
profitable I don't know I I I want do
that no we don't I mean okay we did yes
the potato okay yes yeah okay I was like
I thought we did this didn't we but that
was a
joke and people still took it it was an
obscenely profitable joke I think we
sold like 800 potatoes and they weren't
even real nfts they were just pings or
jpegs or something oh don't don't spoil
it don't spoil it ah no no they knew we
said it was I I know I yeah we were
totally upfront about it that the whole
thing was nonsense do any of y'all still
have your Potato by the way did did
anyone anyone in chat buy a
potato imagine if you deleted the PNG
and it's just gone you just lost it yeah
yeah oh what a
shame is is Luke coming back like do you
do you need a camera because my like my
audio is garbage so like uh I don't know
is it hey Dan is Luke planning to come
back yeah he's right here oh okay yeah
Luke's apparently ready to come back
okay all right cool okay see you later
Elijah okay bye buddy thanks for filling
okay by um yeah really really cool
different perspective and the timing was
pretty good to bring him in just because
I I think that Luke and I as Outsiders
can be a little judgy about that kind of
stuff and and that's probably unfair
because we know that these companies are
engaging in psychological manipulation
and so I think just being dismissive of
of people's susceptibility to it is
honestly just kind of kind of
non-constructive so I think I thought it
was pretty cool to have Elijah come in
and uh give us an alternate perspective
on that uh Luke did you have any
thoughts you wanted to share on the $500
skin bundle or do you want to move on to
uh oh this is a good one social media
children are finally fighting back as
adults something I called like almost 10
flipping years
ago yeah I think on the $500 skin bundle
like it's if if if it doesn't make you
better at the game if it's not a skin
that like makes you camouflage in with
the background or something like that um
I don't think the people should buy it
but it's a free game so like I don't
really care they need to make money
somehow and if someone's going to buy
this like cool I guess but based on how
many people dude but based on how many
people are taking out loans to buy it I
mean doesn't that isn't that just sad
doesn't that just tell you like what
they're they know what they're doing
they've got to know what they're doing
right like at what point do you have to
kind of go okay look you're working at a
tobacco company you're complicit you
know what you're
doing yeah I I think there's I think for
some people though that $500 skin bundle
isn't going to be bad and smoking
tobacco is bad for everyone and like
look I get that not everybody's in a
position to be able to make a moral
judgment about you know know the job
they have to do to put food on their
table I get it no judgment here but I do
feel like at least at the executive
level they've got to know who they are
making these things for I mean Luke
you've talked about this before where
there are games where they go into their
analytics with enough granularity that
there are specific users that they will
craft an item for and Market it too
heavily because they know they're going
to buy it it's
nasty yeah absolutely
yeah I don't I don't like it um but I
don't know my my I I don't feel super
strongly about it just because I think
my stance on this is just like obviously
don't buy it
um but I don't know what was the next
topic next topic is now that the first
big wave of social media babies are
hitting adulthood some of them are now
advocating for protecting children from
their parents online over sharing two
notable Advocates are right topic yeah
yeah yeah are cam Barrett and Chris
McCarty who have been testifying to
lawmakers in multiple States asking them
to regulate family vlogging and ensure
that children are protected and to some
degree compensated for their labor they
are working they are generating Revenue
this is not the same as household chores
and I have had some stupid conversations
about this where like I just about made
my brain rot From the Inside Out people
basically going yeah until they're 18
they're my kids and if I tell them to do
something they got to do no no child
labor is not something that you have the
right to have your kids do and if they
are working on a commercial Endeavor
they are child laborers and there are
very strict regulations around it even
in Industries where children children
where children are allowed to work like
the entertainment industry 25-year-old
cam Barrett claims that she was
traumatized by her mother's dream
oversharing which included everything
from childhood Tantrums to personal
medical information in particular
Barrett was humiliated by her mother's
decision to post publicly about her
first menstrual cycle when she was only
9 years old these posts led to celebrity
attention and perks like front row
concert tickets but also fed ammunition
to bullies who used the information to
ridicule her she claims to have started
hiding in her room to avoid being on
camera and that she felt she couldn't
confide in adults for fear of her
Secrets being exposed on social media
meanwhile 19-year-old Chris McCarty is a
founding member of quit clicking kids
and he has noted that family vlogging
can be in some ways worse than child
acting as these children wind up living
in houses that feel like sets with
parents who feel like their bosses and
it's unclear when they finally get to
stop performing mccardy likewise says
these parents are often failing to
empathize with their children and not
considering how they would feel if they
had the most intimate moments of their
lives monetized young people are
likewise increasingly criticizing the
practice of family vlogging on social
media it's about time I called
this so long ago and yes my kids do
appear in our videos from time to time
what the do you know about
them I know a few things sorry there's a
butterfly well yeah you do you're you're
a family friend it's
different and we compensate them yeah
like I was an extra on the X Files I
don't know if I've talked about this I
was extra on the xfiles when I was a kid
um I I it I've never actually seen the
episode but
um yeah I so um but like I'm not
bothered by that because all I did was
appear on camera my dad gave me the
money I mean it was my money right but
he made sure that I got it his rule for
it was that we both made money we were
both extras and that we weren't going to
you know it was like uh it was like a
couple hundred dollars or something like
that and he was like Hey it should be um
we should do something together with it
like he didn't really like give it to me
give it to me but we both we went and we
ate at um labello be which was a fancy
French restaurant in Ladner when I was a
kid it's not there anymore um and we
went and we tried it because we would
walk past it all the time and it was one
of those places it was like1 plus dollar
a plate and that was back in the 9s
right so this was a very a fancy fancy
restaurant um and so yeah I was in this
thing but you know my Intimate Secrets
were not Spilled Out online uh we turned
it into an opportunity to do something
together as a family no harm no foul but
that's not I think it's cool what these
families are doing it's absolutely
wild I think there's also a huge
difference between uh happening to
appear in you know one video every once
in a blue moon being compensated for
that um compared to having content made
about you including as you previously
mentioned uh pretty intimate parts of
your life like first menstrual cycle
stuff like that like that being on
YouTube for all your peers to see is
ridiculous and not
okay yeah brutal Sony seems to be
struggling with the concept of
multiplatform support oh wait wait wait
hold on I want to finish by making my
prediction again um the only way that
this is ever going to change the this
family vlogging exploitation of children
is when one of these kids reaches the
legal age and sues the out of their
parents and it's basically like hey you
guys made by my rough calculations with
data that is easily available online uh
you know $8 million over the course of
my entire childhood um I am one of the
three principal talents on this channel
I would like my $2.7 million or whatever
whatever it works out
to uh you can you can send it through my
lawyer that is the only way that this is
going to change if one of these guys
takes it to court and wins
it otherwise it's just going to be the
same um okay Sony seems to be struggling
with the concept of multiplatform
support according to records from the
Korean Ministry of Sciences testing and
certification Center Sony has developed
a PC adapter for psvr2 showing that
they've made significant progress ress
on their promise to add PC support
sometime this year this would likely
bolster sales for the psvr2 which is
reportedly experiencing a major backlog
of unsold device it's a pretty cool
device got an OLED display um it's
pretty darn comfortable it's um yeah I
think something that would do okay um I
don't know it'd be it'd be it'd be
pretty competitive for the price I think
I'd be I think I would find a psvr2
pretty darn attractive as a as a gaming
headset meanwhile PlayStation's new
co-ceo Herman Holst insisted at Sony's
business segment meeting on Thursday
that PC Gamers will want to buy a PS5 in
order to play their upcoming exclusive
sequels like Spider-Man 2 and God of War
Ragnarok after playing earlier entries
in those series recently released for PC
and our discussion here is as a PC Gamer
would you be tempted to play uh Horizon
zero Dawn for example on PC and then run
out and get Horizon shoot see as a PC
Gamer I can't even remember what the
second one was called because I played
zerod Dawn and then I was like oh
there's a sequel oh it's not on PC I
guess I'll just not play it but I I I
tend
to I take a pretty different approach to
my gaming backlog where I'm just like oh
well realistically I haven't gotten to
participate in a cultural moment like uh
you hell divers 2 or um what was that
Pokemon with guns game pal world or you
know whatever else I don't get to
participate in these cultural moments
anyway so screw it if it has staying
power then I'll play it later um but
would you be tempted to run out and buy
a PS5 in order to play a
sequel I could see that being a thing um
I I honestly could absolutely see that
being a thing I think a lot of people
play play games more than they play
systems if that makes sense now the
economic environment that we're in and
and the cost of modern consoles might
put a stop to that um I think it used to
be a little bit more approachable to get
into a console
um but if it was like if it was kind of
time to upgrade your computer anyways
and your favorite game was the the the
game that you're playing now and there's
the the next version of it is just on
the console I could see that happening
but I think that's going to happen
significantly less than Sony thinks and
I think they would drive a lot more
overall Revenue just releasing the darn
games on PC I don't know man a lot of
people CU go ahead
I I just you you always have that
experience or at least this happened
when I was younger where people would
come over to a friend's house and see
Halo for the first time and then be
switched over to Xbox houses or whatever
else like like individual games can
swing people absolutely and a lot of
people in chat are talking about it
happen a lot of people in chat are like
yeah I'd be tempted it's totally a thing
but can I can I propose man I don't know
why so many I was reading this article a
little while ago I might have even
talked about this on Wow before but it
was about um every once in a while like
uh like luxury goods articles get fed to
me like the state of the luxury goods
market and particularly like um uh what
is it South China Morning Post or
whatever like there there I'll
particularly get articles from them um
this was more before they they went
paywalled and I would actually read
articles there now I just am like oh
okay pay wall I forgot about that and
then I navigate away so I don't really
get them anymore uh but one of the
things that they would talk about a lot
is they would kind of keep tabs on the
state of the luxury goods Market in
Southeast Asia and China kind of
overseas and uh I remember reading about
how there's this like Trend um there's
this trend toward more uh secondhand
luxury goods and the the incredible
value that you can get by buying and by
selling the things that you bought for
so much money and getting back some of
the money for it and then you can buy
something else with that and and by
saving money by buying secondhand it's
like like it's like like the idea of you
know a thrift store is a new
idea or something but but
um I don't know what it is about people
because I don't think it's just the
younger generation that was what the
article was about it's like younger
generation comes up with the idea of
buying and selling secondhand no no you
didn't um but basically I don't
understand why so many people are
allergic to that if a game comes out
that you really want to play go pick up
a secondhand PlayStation 5 on Facebook
Marketplace okay so that's like let's do
the numbers right so that's uh it's
probably going to be like 100 bucks off
or whatever so that's that's 350 bucks
out of your pocket let's say I don't
know the actual numbers it doesn't
matter but that's 300 bucks out of your
pocket okay you go buy the game right so
that's 70 bucks or 80 or whatever works
out to for modern game these days I
don't know I'm in Canada so I don't even
know what US games cost so you you go
buy your $70 game or whatever so you are
you are $420 out of your pocket nice
okay so you play your game right
realistically it's probably got you know
what 25 to 75 hours of gameplay so you
can probably get that done in let's say
a month right I'd say that's pretty
reasonable for a game that was was so
compelling right for you that you went
out and you bought a several hundred
console just to play it
okay sell the console it's been a month
how much you think the value is actually
changed right compared to buying a new
one the value of a secondhand one
realistically hasn't changed that much
you can probably get what you paid and
if you're you're patient you can
probably buy for lower and sell for
higher and then sell the game do you
really need it I've I've you will be out
made money in those scenarios before too
you'll be out of pocket probably 25
bucks and it costs you overall less than
the total cost of the game it's no big
deal I used to do it all the time
another thing too is if if you buy one
that happens to be like a little bit
dirty or a little bit scuffed up you can
try to not not I wouldn't say refinish
but like clean it up a little bit take
better pictures of it than the original
poster did make it look a little bit
nicer and actually end up making
money and it's it's it's yeah it's a
little bit of work but it's also kind of
it it can become a hobby it can be come
fun you know bargain hunting is a lot
more fun if you follow through and you
don't just buy if you sell as well and
you maintain like make a spreadsheet
have the discipline make a spreadsheet
where you track everything that you're
buying and selling and keep it Net Zero
I bet you can do
it and I don't know I had a I had a
blast with it and man the resources for
it are so good these days if I had had
Facebook Marketplace which has problems
I mean the fact that they're not tamping
down on sellers who list for Z doar and
actually it's it it costs a lot of money
oh man are you going to tell the bunker
story or should we save that for another
W show you want to tell the bunker
story okay I don't know he's muted so
who knows what he's saying but it sounds
like he's not going to tell the bunker
story we'll talk about the bunker story
time
uh I I can tell it now or another time
I'm down either way sure sure let's talk
about the bunker story but the point is
let me just finish this thought Facebook
Marketplace is an incredible tool in
spite of its problems and I would have
man I would have had a blast okay I want
to talk why don't you tell the bunker
story
Luke sure okay so we were at uh a land
party at Linus's house and having some
fun and Elijah happened to find a uh a a
concrete a safe I think it was it was
listed as and it's like it's it's very
generic it they sell basically it's a
series of exactly uniform concrete slabs
that make up all of the walls I believe
the floor if there is any for the floor
and also the ceiling I know the walls in
the ceiling are all the same uniform
concrete slabs and then there's just a
big vault door that goes into it was
able to actually Google the company that
makes it and figure out that this person
that listed it for $0 was effectively
just trying to resell from another
company uh because all they posted were
sample images not an image of the actual
safe or vault or whatever you want to
call it so they weren't reselling
something that they owned they were just
trying to advertise and make money that
way um so Elijah bugged them by offering
him I think it was like a single dollar
so it was listed for zerar like but the
real price I think Elijah mess it was
listed for $1 sorry
yeah so it was listed for $1 We messaged
him um Elijah offered him a dollar I
believe it was or $2 or something um and
he's like oh but my cost is like $40,000
and Elijah was like well you shouldn't
have listed it for that if you shouldn't
have listed it for a dollar if you
wanted to sell it for more than
$40,000 uh and then my brother and I
caught wind of this um and just decided
to have have a little bit of fun umed
asking
a series of questions that ranged from
like um what how it would be transported
to us and what the transport costs would
be um I got really into the exact
material composition of the concrete and
when we nailed that down um despite
knowing the safety rating of the lock I
started getting into um like how many uh
I I don't remember what they're called
but like the big not the pins that you
would pick with a lock pin but the pins
that go into the wall to keep the door
closed like how many of those exist what
are the material composition of those
how long do they stand up to angle
grinder attacks all this other different
type of stuff um just like every every
question you could possibly imagine um
and then when you when you get to when
you kind of run out of questions you you
hit them with the old $2 offer um so
we it was it was just a little bit of
fun you know just wasting wasting
somebody's time who's basically wasting
everyone El's Time In fairness In
fairness he had it coming I'm with you
on this one but how many days did your
brother keep him keep stringing him
along wasn't it like almost a week my
brother had
him I I think it was actually a whole
week because the last messages I'm
seeing here are from the next Sunday um
I had actually seen this one the last
question was could you fit a small card
car inside
yeah and he's maybe Dan's Car he's like
like like very small like a very very
small car can you fit one
inside oh man I would love for this to
become an entire content genre just like
trolling people who list things for zero
or $1 on Facebook because you know what
those people they are ruining the
platform for everyone else and they need
to just screw
off apparently it is oh that's awesome
well I thought we came up with something
but I guess uh there's no such thing as
a unique idea apparently Dutch tick Tok
is full of it I love it that's awesome
that's great
respect yeah my my brother had him I I
think my questions got a little bit too
obvious uh but my brother was trying to
convince him that he had an extremely
extensive watch collection that he
wanted to store within the Vault and
stuff like he he spun this whole story
it was great he did a better job than I
did I just got really into asking him a
lot of questions but my brother was like
trying to have a conversation which was
uh a better use of time I think but it
was good that's hilarious
um um open AI has formed a new Safety
and Security committee only a few short
weeks after it saw several high-profile
resignations and ultimately the uh
dissolution um of its super alignment
committee which was focused on making
sure that the pursuit of artificial
general intelligence remained aligned
with the interests of human beings open
AI says that this new safety committee
committee will be led by two members of
the current board alongside CEO Sam
Alman the primary person who has been
accused of making irresponsible
decisions regarding Ai and AGI
development there's not really much else
for us to say other than
seriously who's going to who's going to
oversee the tech Bros how about the tech
broest of tech
Bros um you know I yeah I'm I I got a
bone to pick actually with um with with
with the community and I uh I don't know
how to address this because I think a
lot of you probably recognize it but I
get called a tech bro a
lot I actually have very little in
common with tech Bros I do not run a
tech company I run a media
company yes you do okay float plane sort
of float plane's also a media company
I run a media company an other more
different Media company and an apparel
company
guys come
on anyway there's a good question what
about Labs so there's a train going by
so I'm trying to toggle mute quick Labs
is Media it's still media it's all media
it's been media from the start it's the
Moon meme always has
been like yeah I love technology so if
if I I don't do V I don't do VC
investment I don't do like I don't do
Tech bro stuff that's a big difference I
don't do any of that stuff I run a I run
a heavy
[Music]
VC I run a self funded Media
company so I resent that okay I resent
that I think the heavy VC funding and
building in order to sell is the biggest
differentiator because like if you want
to call Flow plane a media company um is
like are people who work at uh YouTube
not in Tech are people who work at Tik
Tok not in Tech um like I I it gets a
little bit weird but I think the yeah
the heavy like financial company backing
um and stuff like that is a major
differentiator yeah there's no private
equity in float plane there's no
pressure on us to behave in any way that
is that is unethical or that is um uh
that is hostile towards our users base
or our customer basee um and so there is
notification there's no reason for it to
happen um and it's something it's it's
it's it's the way that we are structured
is the antithesis of of like a tech bro
style company um and you know obviously
as as people who are who are into
technology and who are you know running
a company I can see how you know there's
a lot of cosmetic similarities but the
the underlying structure of this company
is completely different and the
pressures on us are completely different
uh someone asks what about framework I
do not run framework I don't have a seat
on the board of framework I I had some
cash burning a hole in my pocket and I
saw something that I thought was
incredible and could be an industry
changer and I was like you know what
would be really cool is if I put my
money where my mouth is and if it ever
grows and I ever get a return on the
investment that's super cool but I'm
basically kissing this away
and I guess we'll just see what happens
if if it doesn't take off then at the
very least I put my money where my mouth
is and I showed that I believed with
with real concrete like money in my
pocket I showed that I believed in the
mission I'm super proud of them they are
doing incredible um and since we're at
it right um it was a very very similar
investment into that Nas operating
system that is still turning away in the
background they'll they'll let you guys
know when they're ready to announce
something but again I'm not being All
Tech bro about it I didn't even they
offered a seat on their board I told
them I don't even want it I don't I
don't I don't want any of that pressure
I don't want any of that responsibility
they were good people who were building
something that I believe in very very
strongly I wanted it to have a shot that
was it
that's it I am they they were like you
are the least Hands-On investor that we
have ever heard
of because I basically don't even like
respond to
emails they'll be like giving me an
update I'm like all
right and they're like hey we really
need to have a call like because we just
like to talk to you and you know get
some insight on something or whatever or
like you know obviously you invested in
this because you felt very strongly that
this is a product that you know creators
and Tech enthusiasts need um you know
we'd love to get some clarification on
some stuff I'm like uh all right I can
fit you in on
Saturday that's the last call I had with
them I was uh I was driving home from
dropping off uh dropping off my son at a
lesson anyway uh Corey is the name asks
does $100,000 really mean that much to a
company like framework at the time um it
was helpful but no it wasn't critical
they had put aside a little bit of
equity for an investor that could open
doors for them um and as someone who can
who can help cheerlead the product which
I told them I would do regardless of
whether they took my investment or not
it was at their discretion I told them I
would do it regardless um they they saw
uh me and our company as someone that
would be valuable to partner
with uh let's talk about the Spotify car
thing there's an
update uh they are not going to be open
sourcing it however they will be issuing
refunds for the car thing so long as
they have proof of purchase following
backlash to spotify's plan to Brick the
barely three-year-old dedicated
streaming device um as someone who cares
about the environmental impact of tech
I'm not super happy with this outcome
but I am a lot happier from a
customer um customer care
standpoint um refund would have been a
lot better or sorry uh uh open source
would have been a lot better I would
have strongly preferred that but I also
did talk last show about how I
understand that that may not be
possible is there anything else in the
dock did we did we get through the dock
in a reasonable amount of time
today how are your fingers doing so I
suspect we have yeah uh let's see I have
done 780 merch messages that is um not
good
enough there's a lot more coming Dan wow
I'm working on it no no I'm kidding I'm
I'm kidding I'm kidding there there are
actually like 145 in the Q still so so
objectively speaking it's not good
enough but I'm still very proud of Dan
and I appreciate his efforts see the
these things can both be true
subjectively I'm so happy that Dan is
doing such a great job but objectively
it's not good enough see another way to
frame it could be that Dan's effort is
good enough but he he might need an
expanded team in order to conquer this
uh workload that's actually interesting
had we ever Dan had we ever thought
about like if we're launching a big
product and we know we're going to get
like a bajillion merch messages bringing
like Jake bellance back for for like a
Friday or something I've been uh
training kind of chewy to to do this oh
because he wouldn't probably embroil Us
in controversy like this
guy
uh see you later so I think that would
probably be useful
um I think there's like a level of uh
intuition that you get eventually um
which is why I can do this now and I
would be struggling like six months ago
all right yeah we should uh yeah maybe
that's something that we should consider
hey what was that one that just came up
about someone having a one-on-one with
their manager about wearing the LTT hat
Pro do you remember replying to that one
I do actually hilariously uh the Hat was
not professional enough uh or something
like that and he wants to make a case
for it it and I think I suggested two
hats that is hilarious the LTT hat Pro
is not professional enough something
like that it's all black it's a ball cap
though I guess I kind of understand okay
so we need to work on a more
professional hat what's a professional
hat no hat what's a professional hat
yeah like what Top Hat what makes it I
mean We've joked about it before that
would be S that's what you can use the
AL Packa wolf for oh God a wolf yeah
yeah pack a is why I was late on that
you guys it's going to be like a $100
hat people are going to flip out you're
buying a top hat people already give us
a hard time about our stupid pricing and
look quality products cost money I'm
sorry not sorry but that an alpaca wool
Top Hat you guys are going to get me
roasted on social media I mean if it's
already happening then like what you
look like can wear a top hat you got to
spend like you can wear a top hat yeah
he's not wrong he's not wrong that
cardboard cut out with head on top of it
is um okay Dan I don't think that it is
realistic for us to get through all the
merch messages this week I mean if
you're ending the
show I mean I was making good progress
um I think if you guys start some of the
other ones then I can get this down
because now we're in the the dayah of
the evening and so they're coming in a
little less fast okay um all right in
that case uh Luke how long do you have
you appear to be in a park there is
literally someone hiking behind you
right
now yes um so right now uh I am mostly
battery limited so since I got out here
we've burned 22% of laptop battery oh
that's not so bad so when that hits zero
I'm done unless we want me to go onto my
phone which I'm willing to do it will be
a significantly degraded experience I'll
tell you what why don't we uh why don't
we start on some curated messages and
I'll read them out and then Dan will
continue to reply to some and we'll see
how we do uh Mike D says hello Dan Luke
and beardless lonus what's a video idea
you've had over the years that seemed
like it would be good and an
entertaining one but just wasn't
practical to
produce oh man there's been so many in
fact I could pull up a spreadsheet right
now if Luke has one off at the the top
of his head that he'd like to that he'd
like to talk about then you know by me I
I can talk for a little bit what
instantly jumped into my head was things
that that is true for but we we honestly
ended up doing anyways because we
thought it was just a good thing to make
for the community like honestly we
announced it this stream like making
scrapyard Wars doesn't make a ton of
sense um it's it's very very difficult
to make it takes an incredible amount of
time not only in the fact that like
sometimes they're up to a week long of
two shoters sometimes more two host and
then the editing time for it is enormous
and I'm super insistent that anytime we
do a competition or a or a game of
chance style piece of content that it is
real so there is legitimately a strong
probability every time we do something
like scrapyard Wars that it's just going
to be boring as
um
yep so it's super risky but yeah we do
things but we we believed in the content
because we as we talked about for a
different topic on this show we like
promoting the idea of people making
economic choices by people buying on the
used Market we're contributing less to
ew because we're reusing things you can
get a lot better of a deal you can get
into computers computer gaming computer
performance in in whatever way you want
to um by reusing other people's stuff
saving a ton of money and it can be fun
which is part of what we're trying to
show people as well is it can be
engaging it can fun it can be done
relatively quickly um and you can get
really interesting things and honestly a
lot of the computers that you end up
making that way you probably feel more
attached to anyways like it's it's I
don't know it's all very good but
realistically it's not super practical
the return on investment of making a a
scrapyard War series is
like super bad not the greatest
um I could do a lot of like I could do a
lot of sponsored pool robot videos in
the time it takes to do scrapyard War
I'll put it that way yeah yeah a ton of
them uh here's one I I really wanted to
do a Roundup of window mounted AC
units with how much heat pumps have been
in the news like doing a doing like a
window mounted like heat pump style
heater cooler window like I I think that
would be super super news you can use
content um I'm sure there's a channel
that like is more focused on that kind
of thing but I I feel like it's
something that we could do if we really
wanted to you do it this is uh W in in
our in our rating system so I've got
like a colorcoded rating system for
video ideas um W is good ideas that
might require sourcing something
difficult or waiting for new technology
to
arrive um so one of them was oh man
we're trying to get our hands on a
tashiba 55 Z2 Glasses free 3D TV uh
that's one of those um
one that just wasn't practical was using
the Vision Pro for a whole day and just
like vlogging about that we just kind of
got to it too late oh here's one I've
wanted to do for so long the e-w PC
where I actually go like dumpster dive
but the problem is all those recyclers
because of their their data protection
policies and privacy policies and stuff
which I totally get and totally makes
sense they won't let you just dig around
in the e-w um and any any transfer
station or or dump like landfill in at
least Le the part of Canada where I live
won't let you anywhere near that because
they're worried about liability like
what if you puncture your skin on a
hypodermic needle while you're digging
around in computer cases which by the
way is a possibility remember that time
I found a crackpipe in a computer doing
scrapyard Wars yeah so like yeah I I
really want to do that people have
suggested it so many times you think we
haven't tried man we've tried so many
times when we did that um that Acer
sponsored piece where we uh where we set
up like a strip down Windows on like an
e-w tier machine like office discard
machine that was supposed to be the e-w
PC we had found an E-Waste processor
like on the east coast and we were going
to pick up we were going to go all the
way there to do an E-Waste Build
Challenge thing it was going to be
sponsored by Acer and it fell through
like we've tried so many times I would I
would love to do it people are like sign
the necessary ndas Etc it's not that
simple they have agreements with the
organizations that send them e-waist
that say they will not allow an
unauthorized party to have access to it
it's that it's that simple the answer is
no yeah that's tough
sucks uh all right
archive oh yes it's after dark uh Chase
M says sup dlll I wanted to ask about
the Lux backpack I'm on the fence about
purchasing it and was wondering about
how long I might have has it shipped ooh
uh shoot this one I don't actually know
the answer to uh I know I just signed
off on the on the final sample of the
Lux Tech
saac which I don't think we have talked
about before uh so that's coming to
match the Luxe backpack but um I believe
we will have some inventory when it
arrives like dozens of units not a lot
but I believe will have some when it
arrives okay
archive Gareth says Hi D back in many of
your old videos you would say to always
use an antistatic strap and you claimed
you always had one in your ankle is that
true or were you lying for clout um it
is true that you
should it is also true that I was often
in a
hurry
so yes I lied if there's a lie that you
could nail me on it would be that one
that is one time that I have actively
deceived the community but my heart was
in the right place I wanted to make sure
that I was encouraging proper best
practices while also recognizing the
reality of our fast-paced understaffed
production environment and desperate
attempts to keep our business alive that
would have been slowed down by me
constantly clipping in and unclipping my
antistatic strap and I didn't have the
money to invest in things like
antistatic flooring and I'm
sorry I'm very sorry you know what
there's a second lie I I've I've told
very few lies to the community the two
that I can think of right now are that
one and when I would fill a water loop
and I would tell you guys that it was
distilled water it it was it was tap
water and there is one particular member
of our community who knows who they are
and is a idiot um who is very mad about
that because I showed the performance of
a water cooled system that had tap water
in it which by the way here in British
Columbia Canada in the city of Sur is
not hard and doesn't have a ton of
chemicals in it it's basically whatever
it doesn't matter um like I have run our
tap water in water cooling systems for
extended periods of time years at a time
nothing goes wrong it's fine um but the
point is they're extremely mad because I
said it was distilled water and then I
gave performance numbers not comparing
multiple products against each other I
just gave some thermal numbers and that
I lied and deceived our viewers and it's
like are you for real who cares it
doesn't matter so that that is a second
lie that I told I said I was using
distilled water because depending on
where you are it may actually matter
here it doesn't you put some bioside in
it you'll be fine um but I I would like
to encourage best practices even if I
don't feel like going all the way to the
grocery store to get distilled water
because we're in the middle of a shoot
and I need some stupid water I'm just
going to go fill a bottle and I'm going
to fill it from the top I'm sorry I'm
sorry sounds like you should make a
donation to BC children as okay I just
did I I just did I just did uh this was
cool this was cool I actually had the
the relative of a BC Children's employee
who works in the lab that we donated to
walk up to me in a parking lot which is
a little creepy by the way please don't
approach public figures in a parking lot
like your intentions might be good but
it's it's actually kind of scary um but
anyway one the worst times yeah they
approached me in a parking lot and we're
like hey I just wanted to say like thank
you you so much for the money you raised
my brother and his team are so grateful
and they're going to do such incredible
work with it and it's completely blew
away their expectations so that was
pretty cool but don't do that that's all
right what's next oh right I'm I'm in
charge of this but any sorry it wasn't
for cloud it definitely wasn't for clout
it was because I want people to uh
follow best practices even if um I don't
always have time to do things
properly um Mitchell D asks I bought an
engagement ring and I'm trying to think
of ideas for how to propose to my
girlfriend lonus what's the story of how
you proposed L andan do you have any
plans of how you would propose in the
future okay mine's terrible my wife
explicitly told me not to put the ring
in food and not to propose in front of
our families I did both I don't know why
I don't I don't think I could put myself
back into my head space my original plan
was to propose underwater and then she
EXP she explicitly told me not to do
that so my plan was to be scuba diving
and find you know a treasure chest with
a ring and I was like I've got a really
good idea and she was like as long as
it's not underwater and I was like oh
okay busted and
then I I don't know she hates our my
proposal so whatever you do don't do
what I did a good bet would be to ask
her for inspiration kind of go chat GPT
on this ask her to to to to to to you
know give some inspiration and then try
and find something that's aligned with
her interest but that would be a fun
surprise and
different find a funny find like a
compilation of funny ones online and
watch them with her and then roll it
into uh like rating them on like how
much she likes them I can't be super
specific right now someone is across the
table geeky Vapor says don't do it
publicly unless you're 100% sure they
want that yeah 100% geeky VAP knows
what's up yep cool cool
cool yeah uh anyway good luck with that
congratulations in advance I hope or I'm
sorry to hear that
tldr or how however that that copy past
it goes uh Juan B says hello from Miami
welcome to Miami sorry sorry sorry I I
did that wrong I'll be watching this on
my way to work tomorrow morning what are
some of the things you wished you knew
when you started the company and what
are some pros and cons of having your
own company I wish I knew how much
bloody work it would be um you know the
pros are that you kind of uh you can
control your own destiny to a degree
like there's things you can't control
there's economic conditions there's
pandemics there's all kinds of stuff
that you can't control but compared to
just having your livelihood and having
your your life and your happiness to the
whims of someone else I would say that
is a major advantage but it's also a
major disadvantage because you're going
to be subjected to all of the pressure
that comes from having that level of
control if anything goes wrong you have
no one to blame but
yourself Caleb G hey Luke I was curious
since you grew up in sports and being
athletic if you ever Mountain biked
especially given you grew up in one of
if not the place to get into the sport
or one of the best if not the best place
yes I did actually um but I mostly did
it on like trails that just happen to be
around my house um sorry one second we
are we are battling a invading insect
that I just conquered um uh yeah no I I
I used to go on like trails around my
house when when I was growing up my
house was much more Wildland around it
than it is now because
kind of yeah got got all over to where
our house was but originally it was
mostly fields around there so we would
go around the fields and um and make
little tracks in in the forest or like
jump over you know just push a bunch of
dirt in front of a a fallen over tree
and use that as like a jump or whatever
else um but the reality of mountain
biking
is was a little expensive for our our uh
abilities at that that time so I was luy
to have a bike with gears like ice
hockey exactly yeah like my my mountain
bike had no shocks um my shocks were my
legs and I would stand up while I was
going which was great I didn't mind it
but um like there was there was some
issues with like okay we're not going to
go up to Whistler every summer and like
go mountain biking on Whistler and stuff
like that um it just wasn't going to
happen which is fine but it was a little
bit limiting we didn't play Ice Hockey
we played ball hockey things like that
um but yeah no I I think mountain biking
super cool but I never got like really
into it I just enjoyed riding a bike um
on on trails and stuff like
that benar says I love this upcycle I've
wanted a forever pen for a while but
couldn't decide this is the one hey
thanks Ben question for lonus how has
your autograph evolved over the years
have you considered changing it I have
changed it multiple times because I
realized that it was pretty
stupid uh to use my real signature um
and hand it to people in public bad
don't do that yeah every once in a while
someone will hand me something that uh
they're like hey I had you sign this
once and uh I want you to sign it again
and I'll have this temptation to like
Scribble out the old one CU they'll have
like my real signature that I
use realistically what I should do is I
should just change my signature um maybe
I'll do that you know what there this
will be the kick in the pants that I
need to finally change my signature I
just got a new document of some sort I'm
not going to tell you what it is because
you don't need to know but I just got a
new document of some sort that needs a
signature and uh I'm going to sign it
with a new signature and we're going to
see how that goes it's going to be great
I'm going to come up with
something it's going to be really
inconvenient for youon for reasons that
Luke will find funny but none of you
need to know
uh my mic was muted but that is actually
quite funny um you guys are still doing
that eh I don't know what you're talking
about William G says lonus as a fellow
Ally lover I'm disappointed with how
they've been handling warranties have
these issues influenced your preference
between Ally and steam deck okay this is
a really good question it's complicated
question I'm sure that you've seen the
leaks for asusu is rumored allyx
handheld and so what I predict is that
if Asus uh were to continue to
have um support practices that I can't
fully get behind I would need to say
something about that in any hypothetical
coverage of such a device
Mark says Hey lonus as a parent with
ADHD what strategies do you use to help
your children avoid the same pitfalls
you had going to school school is so
different for my kids anyway they don't
even have like homework and stuff I
don't even I don't even know like I
don't even know what they learn okay no
no I know what they learn they learn
stuff yeah they don't do homework it's
like not allowed or
something whoa like if they don't finish
a worksheet and it's like it's like a
problem like they were being disruptive
or whatever occasionally they'll be
asked to finish the rest of the
worksheet at home or if they miss a week
of school because they're sick or
something they'll be given a package to
work on but they are supposed to be
given ample time to complete work in
school and that seems to be a
policy um is that a government policy or
is it that a that school policy I have
no
idea yeah so they they they seem to
honestly it's probably a good thing
because like kids are in so many
extracurriculars these days compared to
how I feel it was when when we were kids
um like I don't mine are pretty busy
like they're busy kids so if they had a
bunch of homework on top of it I don't
know how they'd
survive um Rick T says hello dlll if a
Netflix or Amazon approached you about
making a tech newsentertainment show for
them do you think it' be something you
would go
for man that'd be tough I I can see why
Mr Beast did it uh I think that's going
to be really incredible it's going to be
potentially the moment where he
transitions to being like a mainstream
celebrity U as opposed to the biggest
YouTuber you know like I think that's
super cool I don't know what our Tech SL
newsentertainment show would be it's
something that I haven't brainstormed in
a long time I used to have some kind of
cool ideas I always thought something in
between uh Just for Laughs gags and
MythBusters would be kind of cool like
Tech pranks and I I had one idea for
like a pilot um where uh we even got as
far as kind of brainstorming some ways
that we could do it but the idea that I
had was um like using using um speakers
and sound projection and uh Machine
Vision to turn a crosswalk into a piano
or something like that like so we're all
the pranks instead of being yeah instead
of being like slight of hand or like
like like
um like more illusion or or or magic
oriented we more Tech oriented I thought
something like that would be really cool
but I just have no idea what kind of um
what kind of offer I would have to get
to justify shifting my focus from what I
do to doing something like that I think
it'd be kind of cool
though I wonder if I still have my I I
specked out how to do that musical
crosswalk thing I wonder if I still have
that document somewhere we had a couple
different ideas for how to do it so
there's probably a couple things in
there ear says lonus you mention that
you read comments before watching
content when you decide to watch a
YouTube video do you speed it up yeah I
I watch at uh
1.75x if they speak fast and then I'll
go to 2x if they're a slow speaker I
actually kind of wish they could go a
little faster I was watching um
what's technology connections video on
the color brown the other day and I was
like dude I need like 2 and a2t for you
um but like you know really really good
love the channel and everything but um
certain creators I do wish I could go a
little faster fantastic Channel yeah uh
Shay B says Hey bad cholesterol team JK
what is your general experience
negotiating with Brands sponsors and
suppliers are there some insane terms
you can share or crazy
stories oh man I don't I don't really
negotiate with brands that much anymore
um
I will
say h man what can I say what what can I
what can I what will not get me in
trouble Luke do you remember
anything
um insane turns and stuff not really
like oh ter requirements like yeah
there's been a few terms that were crazy
but we just said no and then didn't do
it yeah like had ones that I've asked
for like I remember a phone manufacturer
in like October or something or sorry
August or something wanted like a
non-compete for three months over the
entire like September iPhone launch
slash whatever period and they were some
like Rando like Chinese phone company
and I was basically like no like what
are you what are you even talking about
um so there like there's definitely been
some stuff like that but we just say no
so uh man oh man I got I got got the
most chatted out um this is
amazing oh my God I have a big
problem what day is it
there
Saturday what time is
it uh why do you need to catch a flight
it's 12:30 no no no no no no no no no I
am oh no oh no
uh uh oh uh oh uh oh hold on hold on
oh
no uh stall
them okay um how do we stall them I
think I have work been uh with me gone
Dan oh sure go do that do that question
for Luke are you playing mop
remix mop re what I don't know oh oh oh
oh the wow thing no I'm not no I'm not
hey Luke you mentioned Dimension 20 a
couple Dan shows ago I wanted to ask
which campaign has been your
favorite oh um sorry to be disappointing
I don't actively watch it um I think
it's cool but I mean that's a lot of
content to sit and
watch I don't really watch that much
stuff I I play video games if I have
time at the computer if I if I have time
at home that's free I'm I'm not usually
going to watch TV shows or or anything
like that I'm usually just going to play
games or work on
stuff does Luke still keep in touch with
anyone from
929 what's that I don't know that's what
it says 929 929 Best Buy 9 is this is
this best by 929 I possibly they bought
a pen is that
the Best Buy
929 yeah that's the Best Buy I used to
work at that took a moment to remember
um not super actively there's a there's
a couple people like I have I have a
couple people on Steam and I don't
really talk to them but I'll see them
jump in and play games every once in a
while and I'm I'm often tempted to like
send them a message but I don't even
know if they like remember who I am um
so I I don't don't really B because it's
been a long time for some of them and
like for some of these people one of
them in particular that I I know I still
have on Steam because I see him launch
things every once in a while the last
time I would have talked to him I think
I would have been like 15 um
so I don't know U but there there's
quite a number of people that I I would
be happy to but um I don't I don't
really keep active contact with them no
I'm surprised this person wrote 929 I'm
wondering if they're one of them or
something um because I don't think most
people would know that that is the Best
Buy that I worked at but I don't know
for those wondering I I realized that I
screwed up something on my my badminton
playing schedule in Taiwan and I
accidentally booked some stuff for this
Saturday and then I realized that a few
days ago and then I forgot to message so
I'm literally supposed to be at a center
in like a few hours and I have to bail
and I feel really bad because it's with
someone that I have played with last
year and then played with like years
before and like we had dinner last year
and like you know um I I feel really
really really bad and I just completely
forgot um do you have another day you
can play with
them yeah I think I'm gonna I'm gonna
see if uh gonna see if he's around
sometime in the middle of the week but I
I feel awful because he's like super
nice guy and has helped like coordinate
groups for me before and stuff um yeah
he's super cool uh anyway yeah so I feel
really really awful right now and um
let's get through some more curated
merch
messages oh wow there are there are oh
God Dan you're curating a lot of them uh
okay JS asks hey lonus what's your
favorite and least favorite part of the
langly house like the one we used to
shoot out of my favorite part of
it oh man I guess it has a pretty open
layout on the main floor that was pretty
helpful
uh my least favorite do they mean like
favorite part of when we worked there or
do they mean literally the physical
house I don't
know my favorite part of working there
was definitely the camaraderie I
remember actually pitching to an agency
that was looking for like reality Talent
like they were pitching me to come be on
some reality show and I was like you
know what you guys should do is you
should come make a reality show here cuz
this thing this place is nuts like can
you imagine a reality crew being in
there with like you me old
tan Burl Brandon Nick I think that was
Ed I think that was the whole crew at
the time um that would have been nuts
like the deadlines were crazy the hours
were
crazy like things were kind of tense
sometimes but respectful but tense and
like it would have been it would have
been such a window it would have been
such a time capsule in into an early
stage of of like New Media that I don't
know if you'll ever be able to capture
again it would have been really cool so
cool they missed out they just like
never replied to me I was like well yeah
I do wish that happened you're
dumb would have been
awesome uh Anonymous asks Su lldd can
you give us a tldr version of the real
harm of big tech companies collecting
and selling your data why should we care
about it um you should care because of
who they can sell it to and I get it
right I think it's pretty easy to fall
into the whole well I've got nothing to
hide so what does it matter kind of trap
but the thing is that you have nothing
to hide
today I mean women in the states didn't
have anything to hide
until very recently potentially with
respect to medical procedures for
example and like look this is a tech
program I'm not interested in taking a
position on that matter I think I've
made my thoughts on it pretty clear in
the past but what I will say is that it
is a prime example of something that
didn't matter for your you know searches
about uh day after you know pills or
whatever else um they didn't matter
before and now all of a sudden they
matter right
Insurance uh insurance company policies
can change
um the the the the value of the data can
change like something that that can be
detected like some medication that
you're on today they could find out
something new about it and all of a
sudden oh it's a risk factor for
Alzheimer's or who knows and all of a
sudden yeah sure legally pre-existing
conditions of something something can
affect your coverage something something
something yeah sure today but things can
change and once that data is out there
it's out there and that's it that's why
it matters
there's also a lot more that you can
glean from that data than you might
be than you might realize like there's
there's old stories about how uh did
parents would figure out that their
daughters were pregnant before I put
your camera on so I could virtually high
five you
Dan that they had at Target yes good job
Dan got through them sorry I I talked
Over You Luke sorry sorry go ahead
uh I was just saying that sometimes
there's more information that can be
gleaned from um that data than you might
realize as well so they might know more
about you than you think um and and also
just like you're you're in a somewhat
constant battle
for the information that goes into your
brain um and do you want to give that
level of information about how you work
to people that are spending gratuitous
of money to try
to twist your actions and convince you
to do things that you might not
otherwise want to
do um also the data is almost certainly
gonna leak Julian Le s uh that's a
really good idea I'm not going to read
it out on the show so it can be a
surprise for everyone but that's a
pretty cool idea uh Damon s hey L of
stand and disconnecting Luke I work in
the trades and thus have so far been
unaffected by the AI Revolution do you
guys see trades and other skilled labor
positions being threatened not in in the
near future I mean I think that quote
unquote unskilled labor um which I I I
don't really like that term I don't
think that uh I don't think that anyone
who who is who works hard and and tries
to do their job as best they can I don't
think anyone like that is unskilled I've
seen some wild you know YouTube shorts
or Tik toks of people who work on a on a
box assembly line like like doing it
faster than I could imagine any machine
possibly could like I've seen stuff
right there's there's no such thing as
unskilled labor but um I do think that
relatively lower skilled labor like
unloading trucks is definitely at more
risk than something like you know
running data wiring in a in a in a new
new construction or you know something
like that um but I don't think anything
is forever but I do think that skilled
labor you know like that requires
apprenticeships and study and all that I
do think that you guys are a pretty good
position and I would strongly encourage
people to pursue uh a career in trades
right now um man it's hard to find it's
hard to find good trades people and they
are valuable
yes and they they charge a lot because
they
can Tyler P hey lldd and E when's the
last Linus Le development item that
actually went
through that's a good
question uh wow I don't know yeah it's
been a long time
actually this isn't something I've like
tracked and and to be clear uh lonus Le
development was more specifically like a
if lonus asked for something we do it
era lonus still ask for things um it's
just more of a conversation now and
sometimes we won't do it for various
reasons uh but it doesn't mean we're
just automatically not doing things that
lus suggests we still do tons of things
that lus suggests we might not do it
exactly at that time or we might not do
it exactly in that way um but yeah the
reason why I refer to it as lonus Le
development is because all choices on
what to work on and when were
effectively going coming from from Linus
um and
that wasn't working for a variety of
reasons that's a wish throw it's not
it's not really his fault cuz he wasn't
working with the team he didn't see the
things that we need to be working on he
didn't see a lot of the stuff he wasn't
directly in that um so there there's no
way that it would have been possible for
it to be accurate and as I've said in
the past multiple times it's more on me
I should have taken it over sooner but
I'm happy that I did take it over
eventually Anonymous asks why do you
guys think these companies are so
focused on dedicated gaming devices like
steam deck Ali claw Etc when phones and
tablets are becoming powerful enough to
run good games it's a different class
and you can go kind of yeah oh yeah
phones are going to get better and
better and better it's like yeah so so
are those right and the fact that we can
play you know AAA what used to be
desktop class games on a portable
handheld device now is is pretty
incredible and it's going to be a long
time before phones are going to catch up
or enough and by that time yeah we'll
probably get another generation of
consoles which is going to mean another
generation of game developers pushing
the boundaries in terms of graphical
Fidelity I I I I I do think that it's a
valid it's a valid in between piece and
I think that it's going to see a bit of
a I think it's going to continue to see
a bit of a Renaissance I mean Microsoft
is rumored to be working on a portable
Xbox uh I think Sony is rumored to be
working on like a like a not PlayStation
portal like actual new handheld so
Nintendo switch 2 is supposed to be
basically switch to it's supposed to be
another hybrid portable handheld I'm I'm
very excited for for gaming portability
I mean the original Nvidia Shield which
was that little Android clamshell
portable gaming handheld was like
reinvigorated um my love of gaming
because I had just had a kid and I had
no way to play games cuz I was never
able to sit at my desk and it allowed me
to stream like Tomb Raider and stuff
like that it was pretty cool
Seth asks did lonus ever daily Drive the
OnePlus open uh no I really wanted to
and Belle took it home after or rather
took it to a trade show after the short
circuit and I was like yo I had wanted
to take it to the trade show and he was
like well uh I have it and I was like
okay well can I get it from you after he
goes yeah and I got it back and already
from having been used for like a week or
two the hinge didn't open all the way
and I was like okay well so much for
that is Luke gone am I on my own oh
yes I think he did Luke you stopped
moving and you're you're cardboard stand
in fell over uh I I sorry I accidentally
kicked it uh David T says why did MSI
repossess the laptops from your gaming
Min minivan you mentioned that in
passing in a May 8th live stream I I
don't know I think they might have been
engineering samples so they might have
just needed to go back and like it's not
like the sponsorship dollars still
didn't come through and you know if we
don't keep the hardware from a sponsored
project like whatever we we we we got
paid we paid our staff everything's
everything's hunky dory but it means
that there aren't actually computers in
there right now and I've been putting
off putting new ones in because I want
to make a video about it so my poor kids
just are like yo dad these screens uh
don't do anything
um I'm an okay parent uh Matt C says uh
speaking of security Theater what's the
most annoying it rule you've ever dealt
with mine is not being able to access a
site from mobile Safari when Safari on
on M series Mac is fine yeah that is
pretty irritating I don't know if I can
think of anything personally but Luke
can you think of
something dude password rules oh my
goodness I I recently had to create an
account at a financial institution I
will not obviously name which one uh and
they limit your password to 20
characters maximum 20 characters and I
think they had a minimum as well and
then they had some requirements of what
symbols you could use and they're like
you have to use a symbol but then the
symbol that I chose to use they're like
well that one
doesn't like we we actually don't
recognize that as a character so we're
not even going to allow you to set a
password with that symbol in it let
alone not count it towards the minimum
symbol required count so they like they
they didn't allow a bunch of characters
and then they maximize the amount of
characters that you could use and I'm
just like dude this is this is important
Financial accounts like you can't you
actually can't
just oh man yeah I don't know password
rules Drive me nuts
constantly wow Dan editorializing in the
replies foldables are dumb anyway I mean
the cases are pretty bad so Ryan G
definitely has a point but uh wow what
am I I'm not a news reporter wow
Dan um yaser K says Hey dlll lonus when
did you first realized that you were
going to be held to a higher standard
than most people deal with was there a
moment that made you think I'm kind of
famous
thanks I don't
know
um there have been lots of little things
that I've kind of looked at and I've
gone like really um but I think part of
the reason that I get held to such a
sometimes um ridiculous standard is that
we've always been very transparent we've
always publicly held ourselves to very
high standards so I think I've kind of
created this for myself because people
can I I don't think it's a function of
being famous like Leonardo DiCaprio is
super famous and no one seems
to actually care that you know he hangs
around with women who are you know
several decades younger than him even
though that's like you know a behavior
that would be weird if your dad did it
when you brought your friends over you
know and like I'm not saying he's a
pedophile um like as far as I can tell
everyone's you know legal age of consent
and all of that but it's just like being
famous doesn't necessarily mean that
you're held to some kind of high moral
standard or whatever there's there's an
awful lot of like haha
you you know like I
just yeah I don't I don't I don't I
don't really know I don't really know I
don't really know what I see in in some
cases with with famous people where uh
not only are they not held to a higher
standard they're actually held to a
significantly lower standard like them
them acting like an idiot in whatever
way will
be aggressively defended by their fan
base it's like funny and endearing or
something yeah yeah like it's it's it's
weird like they they almost are allowed
to get away with being more of a bad
person because they're lemon here
completely the other way Cohen lemon
here is like yeah every rock and roll
star ever with drugs like if if some if
some nobody has you know possession of
of whatever then oh yeah they should get
like the beat out of them by the
police and they should go to jail but if
a famous person you know throws a party
with like where the you know they bake
bread with cocaine instead of flour it's
like that's hilarious right like it's
just yeah I don't know
man
yeah uh Joseph A say says hi LL and D
I'm ring data through conduit to a barn
roughly 100 Freedom Units away should I
use cat 6 or Fiber 100 ft oh man no I'd
go go go cat 6A go cat 6A cat 6A is boss
tier it's
good uh jakeen how much do I need to
spend to make lonus rub his head and Pat
his belly at the same time I mean you
spent
$194 on the store I'd say that's
probably good enough
it's really hard to
do it's funny cuz I've done it the other
way before so I was all ready to Pat my
head and rub my
belly like that one I can do no problem
you've got that down pretty good but
this one took me a
second any who there you go you got it
Adam K hi DL and DL digital Luke L do
you have any advice for someone really
interested in playing badminton in a
region where Community badminton groups
are virtually non-existent thanks no it
sucks it's one of those sports that can
only be as big as the facilities to
accommodate it I know that a lot of
groups here will try to rent out like
School gyms and stuff off hours um and
that's something that's also pretty
common over in Asia from what I've seen
But if those groups don't exist in your
area man it's it's it's tough to get
something going it really
is uh M Happy Days everyone I barely get
to catch you all live as someone in the
trades are there any specific
Technologies like remote operation or
autonomous operation of heavy equipment
that excite you I mean I think we had a
similar question a little while ago and
like autonomous farming with super
precise like geolocation and stuff man
that is that is super super cool
stuff uh William C says farming stuff
wow thanks for contributing Luke farming
Tech I find to be you're going you're
going to interrupt for that I like
farming
stuffing things I play I
play I Like Trains um yeah anyways
William C asks lus since your note 9 no
longer gets security updates yeah it's
pretty bad that I use this are you
looking for a new phone I mean yeah I
was and then you guys freaking saddled
me with the wing I that was a real that
I was I was having a conversation with
y'all and you MD on me um are you
looking for new yes I wanted it to be
the fair phone 5 but that thing ended up
totally sucking uh so no I'm not waiting
for anything in particular I'm waiting
for not being lazy and just getting a
phone I I probably will just go for
another note something um or whatever
the ultra whatever I I I I don't use the
stylus often but I do like it so I'll
probably just go with a Samsung phone
with a stylus I kind of want to daily a
pixel though kind of
tempted Anonymous says dlll how do you
handle working with team members who
disagree with the chosen solution and
don't put in as much effort since it's
not their solution I'm a tech lead and I
try to preach disagree but
commit I mean it happens all the time um
what I what I talk about is that you
know as as compan companies grow you
don't have to agree with every decision
that the company does but you do have to
kind of like do your job um and if you
disagree with enough of them
consistently enough over time and it
never changes and you're voicing your
opinion and it never changes uh maybe
it's potentially time for for you to
move on I guess you're the manager in
this situation so maybe it's time for
them to move on um if they're
consistently underperforming all the
time because they don't appreciate
company Direction that's a performance
metric that you can talk to them about
and potentially move them on because of
that but like I don't know you got to do
your
job sometimes you don't fully agree with
all of what that is but I mean that can
be okay F fully agreeing with everything
that anyone else says is like never
going to be a thing you're never going
to be in 100% agreeance with anybody um
I disagree
perfect I wish we could handshake
through digitally that would be
fantastic John M says I work in
corporate Audio Visual and produce a lot
of Live Events I wanted to ask what your
biggest challenges were making live
Style videos like PC or no PC thank you
for the great work wear oh man PC or no
PC I'd say the biggest challenge with
that one was that I asked one thing
about the set I wasn't super particular
about it I asked for one thing I asked
that
the jib shot which I knew was going to
be a thing not look like crap so we
couldn't just see that we were in an
empty warehouse and I got there and I
was
like um I'd say the huge number of
moving Parts because that's how things
like that get overlooked because
everyone has so much on their plate and
time is so limited that it can be a real
challenge to get all the details right
um like at the roast the audience wasn't
miked that destroyed
of the V they loved it they were eating
it up the house
was it was it was such a great
atmosphere and the vaud on YouTube just
doesn't capture it and you can see in
the comments people like well these
jokes suck they're so flat the audience
isn't even laughing at all they were
they were freaking loving it it was a
great atmosphere um and it just little
details little details are the hardest
part of the of the kinds of things Tyler
V says hey Luke Luke and Luke I see you
talk about turning down potential
opportunities for massive profits what
is something massively profitable that
you've had to turn down recently
something other than the VPN we talked
about that last
week I don't think my team runs into
this as often but I do am I muted no no
I don't think my team runs into this as
often the VPN is by far the best example
that we have um I I think our best
example of this would be that we we tend
to always work on like the hardest stuff
possible um because we think it is I
don't know more interesting
more uh who knows honorable I have no
idea we we tend to to reach for like not
not just the the highest fruit but like
H can we climb a mountain to get to a
tree that's taller to grab the fruit at
the top of that one instead um that that
t tends to be more the stuff that my
team ends up working on
um not so much a business opportunity
things I think I think really the only
really major definitely hugely
profitable business opportunity that we
could have gone after is the VPN there's
been other offers from companies to like
um make video stuff for them um or or do
custom things like that but I I don't
know that they would be hugely
profitable so
yeah teimo says hey
lld how can one learn to master live
storytelling and the Art of recounting
personal experiences in an engaging way
how do you and
lwig share personal experiences so so
entertainingly well ludwick's not here
so I can't answer for him but I think
for me I I kind of alluded to this on
the um on the yard podcast when I was on
it I think that one of the things that
content creators have in common
generally is a degree of narcissism I'm
not saying that that means that every
single you Uber has narcissistic
personality disorder um like anything
it's a spectrum right and I do think
that disordered or not there's a certain
degree of innate interest in on self and
assumption that other people should care
about
oneself that has to be there for you to
um for you
to even practice the art of telling
personal stories recounting personal
thoughts and personal experiences for an
audience you because otherwise if you
didn't think that people should want to
hear it and should want to know about
you then you wouldn't push yourself
to to take those opportunities when a
crowd is gathered to talk about yourself
and talk about things that have happened
to you um and I don't think that you
would get good at it and it's like
anything for me I I didn't start out
being good at storytelling or anything
like that everyone's born knowing
nothing but it's something that for
whatever reason I am compelled to
practice you know when there's a
conversation my brain kind of goes oh
yeah it's like that time that I and and
and I want I want to tell that story you
know some people are more conservative
they're more they're more um they're
more self-reflective they don't they
don't need to tell other people about
things but for me it's like like I want
to right um so practice is really the
best thing that I can
say Luke doesn't need to add anything to
that apparently okay Philip p hi Leg
Show uh Luke what are your thoughts was
directed just to you sorry no no no no
it was for both of us I think well it
was me and lwig but he's not here
so yeah uh Luke what are your thoughts
on cousins of birds the cousins of birds
reptiles I myself have a small family
three adults four children and eight
eggs of crested geckos any tips for
starting a business selling
them I yeah yeah okay sure go for it
Luke I don't know dude uh what I have no
idea my mom when I was growing up used
to breed and sell beta fish my dad built
this huge wall of cascading fish tanks
so that the the water from one fish tank
would kind of like flow into the next
one and all this other kind of stuff it
was all crazy and cool and he did a good
job with it um and she used to sell them
and I think it was mostly like like Web
2.0 internet orders and stuff back then
I don't even fully remember all of it
I'd have to talk to both of them about
how they did it cuz I was pretty young
at that time um but yeah she would breed
and sell beta fish um how exactly that
worked I don't know do I have any advice
on selling reptiles no not even sort
of um and I know basically nothing about
them other than whenever I see geckos I
think they're neat that's that's pretty
much it
sorry good effort Luke good effort Hi D
I recently turned my side project into a
software as a service and getting
requests from fans to become Affiliates
any thoughts on what makes a successful
affiliate
program well you're going to get a
pretty biased um version of that from me
obviously what makes an affiliate
program successful from a from a media
standpoint is that it has to have a
strong payout it has to have a
compelling reason for people to use it
um Amazon had that cool like smile thing
for a long time where like they donated
proceeds or something like that like
you've got to you've got to engage with
people emotionally to make them want to
use your affiliate program um one of the
things that we look for is recurring
Revenue so if this is a if this is a
software as a service product where your
revenue is recurring we expect our
referrals to be recurring um but hey you
may not find that that's the most
successful thing for your side and you
may find that it's better to to cut off
the you know leech influencers or
whatever who promote your product but um
yeah that's something that you're going
to have to kind of solve for yourself we
have not figured out how to build a
successful affiliate program for LTT
store even though that's something that
we have talked about and something that
we would like to explore in the
future Brandon B hi DL I'm a woman
working in the male-dominated AV
industry in a technical director/
supervisor role what advice do you give
female managers who receive push back
from male peers or subordinates
man I feel like this is a conversation
that I've had so many times to such
frustrating ends um with my wife I mean
we've talked about this on on the W show
I think pretty recently so I'm not going
to talk about it for too long but just
the way that people will
talk past her to me you know even if
she's the one that is s has sent every
email leading up to this inperson
meeting even if she's the one that is
answering every one of their questions
like their laser
locked eye contact with me instead of
talking to her and
um you know the cold hard truth is
people are going to be like that and all
you can really do is do your best and
kick ass and you know what those people
right um I'm sorry I'm sorry that I
don't have like a a solution for you I
mean frankly if I did I'd be
mansplaining it anyway I suppose so like
I don't know I don't know
what but but for real you know I I my my
general approach has all to business
because I'm not that good at like
shmoozing and I always get a kick out of
conspiracy theories about how I like am
in bed with you know Executives at every
company in bed figuratively right um and
I have I'm doing all these like back
room deals man I don't I don't I don't
deals with any I don't even like talking
to people um you guys are the exception
and I think it's it's mostly tolerable
because you're basically a camera like
I'm not actually the kind of person who
craves um like a ton of human
interaction I got into this because I
liked to play video games by myself in
my basement right so let's be let's be
uh let's be real here
um so sorry where was I going where was
I going with this right right right
right right so my philosophy has always
been like I'm just going to let the
quality of the work speak for itself and
if you need something from me because
that looks good to you then you'll
figure it out you'll come to me and
we'll do business and if you can't get
over that well then you right what
do I care I'll do business with someone
else and I'm doing okay but you know hey
look I obviously am speaking from a very
privileged position here right like
you're already talking about these
challenges that you're receiving um but
I really do believe the only thing you
can do is just kick ass just keep doing
it you're clearly doing all right sounds
like they are yeah but just keep going
yeah exactly yeah Chase K says Hey dll
for the smaller L I'm starting to play
ano 1800 I keep losing around the
Artisan stage any tips on getting past
it or better setups okay so you
definitely got to figure out uh the
efficiency of your production if you
don't figure out how to boost the
production of your farms and how to
start using um
uh trade unions uh with their like
boosting items and and laying out your
industry efficiently so that all of your
all of your raw goods are able to be
transported uh quickly and efficiently
um you're going to have a really really
hard time getting past that you've also
got to figure out inter island trade
routes so I'd say those are the main
things to focus on also small backpack
when I have a sample that I'm supposed
to be wear testing in Taiwan but I might
have forgotten it in my office and I
don't don't know if I have it with me
but I I'm I'm going to get all my stuff
moved over soon and hopefully
soonish Mason G Wan Stars it's a new one
I'm struggling at work with supervisors
not following company guidelines and
personal boundaries emailing at 11: p.m.
sharing personal information with other
employees any advice this is a tough one
and it's funny because like we take
these kinds of guidelines extreme and
laws many cases laws uh whether they're
guidelines or whether they're laws we
take these kinds of things very
seriously here um
and we recognize that there's enormous
you know liability and so I think a lot
of the time you guys hear a very
employer perspective from me because if
we put a toe out of line the liability
to our company and to me personally is
actually enormous but we live in a place
where employee protection regulations
are extremely strong and that's not the
case everywhere and we also
uh work in an environment full of people
who could just get a job somewhere else
and be making great money somewhere else
if they felt like it we have an
extremely skilled team and not everybody
is in such a privileged position to be
in demand um the way that a lot of
members of our team really are so you
might be in a position where speaking
out um is is not something that is
covered or protected and finding new
employment in your field could be
extremely challenging for you and it's
something that honestly I don't I don't
have a ton of experience with I mean
obviously you know having conversations
starting with an I feel statement like
these are things you'll find in any
guide for how to how to interact with
people but if people don't respect your
boundaries
um there's nothing that I or anyone can
do to protect you from the potential
consequences if they ultimately just
decide to just not respect them and I
hear horror stories about other
workplaces and and the kind of employee
treatment that that takes place there
and I just don't really I don't really
know how to reconcile how any of that
makes sense in in in good faith human
interaction I'm
sorry Ryan M how do I get refills for
the pen still getting one before knowing
uh they take they take standard Parker
G2 refills so you can just buy any that
they come with a Schmid easylow 9000
medium um but you can just fill it with
whatever Parker G2 refill you want
they're
common
archive Anonymous what's your current
use of the note 9 UM
daily what do you recommend for Less
technical relatives iPhones honestly uh
I typically get a new device when
support is dropped yeah yeah I really
should Robert D asks how's the Tian
holding up I just hit two years with my
4S wagon and it's amazing except the
software bugs are awful sometimes like
it can't list music files on a USB drive
or the nav voice nav voice unmutes
itself uh mine's not too buggy
occasionally It'll like kind of have a
little moment and Android auto
connectivity can be kind of a pain in
the butt sometimes but overall it's been
pretty darn okay except when it's in the
shop um like there's a recall for the uh
windshield heater or something right now
I have to take it in for but it's so
I'll deal with it
later okay we're so close you guys we're
so
close um Thornton no we're not doing an
episode of me playing badminton no one
cares about that but thank you for the
suggestion Liam B good ey from Australia
when do you expect proper neural
interfaces to be a thing I have no idea
but they sound cool Tanner lldd as
someone involved in North American
manufacturing what's the thoughts on
insuring some manufacturing even if it
understandably increases cost
in theory it's great in
practice um even the most ethically
minded consumers seem to really struggle
to maintain that
when their ethics are reflected in an
increased cost at the till um like I was
blown away by there's almost no
maintenance of that whatsoever
statistically I was blown away by the
number of Americans who use shien as
their primary source of clothing like I
just look at it and I'm like well this
is trash how about no like navigate
somewhere else but fast fashion man it's
it's a
killer Chris L since we all seem to
generally agree that this timeline has
gone to hell what year or event was the
turning point for you interested to hear
all of your opinions all right well why
don't we let Dan go first cuz he seems
to be too relaxed now that he's gotten
everything done I'm still going through
it I'm I'm just I'm teasing I'm teasing
um let me
think I think it was probably the
release of uh the 30
series we've been seeing so many really
really good like price to Performance
increases from the the GPU market and
then it just started to fall off and now
since then we're moving into other
fields like Ai and things like that and
so the consumer space for better and
better gpus is kind of becoming boring
and I don't know there's not a lot to
get super excited about
anymore um at least from that side of
things Luke you want to go next yeah I I
I think mine's significantly older than
that I think Dan's lines up kind of with
like Co um not not exactly but pretty
close
um oh am I
gone no you're still
here no okay cool um but there's there's
there was a marker I I think around like
204 2012 around there where
like you know income versus housing
started spreading apart in a in a really
bad way um suicide rates started going
up like a lot a lot of things just
started getting bad I don't remember all
the reasons for it I've looked into it
before
and the reasons made sense but I don't
remember what they are um but it was
kind of around that era where things
started to just kind of get worse for
very significant amount of people and
it's been continuing to get worse for a
lot of those similar people um so you've
identified you've identified the second
inflection point of the hockey stick um
it started a little earlier it started
more like in the late '70s to early to
mid 80s um and basically that was when
that was when itive pay started to
dramatically outpace um median pay that
was when housing prices started to
dramatically outpace uh increased
earning power of the worker um yeah
that's that's basically when everything
completely in the world went to uh
at least in like the Western World you
know within our limited sort of
worldview um but if I had to have a tech
answer I'm going to go with mobile
gaming oh yeah I uh I misinterpreted the
the question no both both answers are
great very much agree with lonus yeah
that was that was bad romics was not
good
um Jeffrey lonus are you still enjoying
your large Chinese TV in your theater do
you think TVs above 120 in will be under
$8,000 anytime soon I love my 150 in
projector but would totally swap for
better black levels no I don't think
that's coming anytime soon even that
$1,000 TV turns out the MSRP in North
America is going to be like
$3,000 and it doesn't cost that much to
transport it across the ocean so I don't
know I don't know what tcl's smoking
over there um I think they recognize
that consumers over here will be willing
to pay a lot more for it and they're
just basically taking advantage of that
so yeah yeah can't can't blame them it's
their technology if you don't like it
then uh don't buy it I guess but um no
time soon there's a lot of logistical
challenges around products that big
already and going bigger is not going to
reach that sort of commodity pricing in
the near future I don't
think and I think is that it we will see
you again next week same bad time same
bad
Channel bye with a big
delay oh my god look to go I'm still
there get me out of
here sorry Luke
[Music]